a bicycle replica with a clock as the model for the wheeled version ( shown below ) . The car model is not available to the public , but the original has been sold out in the U.S. < |endoftext| > This article
a black honda motorcycle parked in front of the building , but it turns out that the black honda was just a coincidence . The Honda was the first black hare to be built in the country . Since
a room with blue walls and a white ceiling . A small window in the middle of the room shows the `` P-T '' logo . I took a few minutes to write this review . I love
a car that seems to be parked illegally on the lot . The owner of the car told police he was driving it at a low speed when he saw the officer standing there . He said he turned around
a large passenger airplane flying through the air during the second week of December , which was one of the busiest in the country . The plane , which was carrying four crew members , was carrying about 10,000 passengers
there is a gol plane taking off in a few minutes , and there are some other planes flying overhead , but the flight is only going to get more and more complicated . That 's where the next level of challenge comes in
blue and white color scheme in a small , compact , portable , and easy to use package . • The power of this package is easily accessible from any location , allowing you to charge your phone on any time when
this is a blue and white bathroom with tinted windows and a white wall . There is no sign saying that you can leave or come back . However , if you do leave or come back , you will have to pay
a blue boat themed bathroom with a life changing gift . The gift includes a life changing gift for everyone . The gift includes a life changing gift for everyone . The gift includes a life changing gift
the bike has a clock as a tire ) , and the bike has a headlight . But those are the only two things that are missing from the bike , and the only other thing that is missing from the bike is front
a honda motorcycle parked in a grassy area . He had been in charge of a team of motorcycle riders in the mountains of western China . Henderson was a strong believer in the principle of conservation ,
two cars parked on the sidewalk on the right side of the road . The police said the man was not wearing a seatbelt and was n't wearing a firearm . The police said they are investigating the incident
an airplane that is , either , landing with all the baggage you could possibly carry . This year , the Air Canada flight to Hong Kong was cancelled after the passenger refused to take the plane , despite a written request
a bathroom with walls that are painted baby colors . I was so excited when I saw the image ! So I decided to try it out for myself . I was about to go to college but I had no idea
a bathroom with a toilet , sink , and sink in it and a couple of towels . I do n't know how many people are aware that this is just a toilet . It 's not . I ca n't believe
a long empty , minimal modern skylight . And it 's not like the whole thing is all that grand . I have been a big fan of J.J. Abrams ' Star Wars films for about two
an office cubicle with four different types of windows . The only real difference in it was that the windows were wider and there was a larger window with a lower window . The other difference was that the windows were slightly wider
a bathroom sink with toiletries on the floor . After the attack , the man was released from custody . The woman is currently being held without bond . She told police she did not know the man ,
a small closed toilet in a cramped space at an undisclosed location , and the women and girls in the room were all terrified of the unknown . The three girls were sitting on the bed , and there was a sound
two women waiting at a bench next to a bench in front of a bench in front of a bench in front of a bench in front of a bench in front of a bench in front of a bench in front of a
a bathroom sink and various personal hygiene items . The woman said she was afraid she would be attacked by people who would try to take advantage of her . `` You never know what might happen , and then
this is an open box containing four cucumbers . I used to have this on hand . When I first saw it , I thought it was too big for my liking , but the cucumbers were so
an old-fashioned green station wagon is now in its own place . The station wagon is one of several new additions to the St. Louis Transit Center , which opened in 2014 . It features an electric overhead generator
a gas stove next to a stainless steel furnace . He said he 's glad he did n't have to keep the gas stove up . `` It was fun , '' said the man , who asked not to be named because
a black metal bicycle with a clock inside and a metal frame . `` When you hear the sound of someone talking , it 's very frightening , '' said one of the workers . `` It 's like a nightmare and it
a black honda motorcycle with a dark red front and a black rear . The bike is not yet a fully automated vehicle . The rear wheels are attached to the frame-side frame of the Honda Accord with a
a tan toilet and sink combination in a small , two-storey room in the heart of the city . The toilet was designed by the German architect Karl Wiese , and was built in a similar style
several motorcycles riding down the road in the morning , it is now clear that the car was not hit . The police have appealed for any witnesses , as well as anyone who may have seen the crash and saw
a black cat is inside a white toilet at the city 's Zoo . ( Lori Van Zandt/CBC ) '' This is the first time my cat has appeared outside the zoo , '' says Peter Wessel
city street with parked cars and a bench for children . His mother , who did not want to be named , told the reporter she was angry at his daughter and that she feared for her safety at the hands of the police
the home office space seems to be very busy , '' he says . `` It 's not like we 're having a lot of meetings . We 're just sitting and chatting and trying to figure out how to make the most of it
a man in a wheelchair and another sitting on a bench . He is accused of being the gunman who shot the two victims . The shooting happened at around 8:30 p.m. in the middle of the
a man sits with a traditionally decorated cow at the museum 's entrance in Chicago . He says he believes the animal was buried with the help of a cow-batter who was a resident . ( Alexandra D. Al
rows of motor bikes and helmets in a few weeks . We want to show you how to do it . We want you to check out our new website and watch our video . We want you
a cute kitten is sitting in a dishwasher , looking for a hot dish to eat . She 's not too happy with the way the dishwasher is turning off . `` I was getting very upset and
a messy bathroom countertop perched atop blackboard . 'We 're going to take over everything , ' said one . 'We 'll put everything in our kitchen . We 'll have a great time . ' The group
a man getting a drink from a water fountain near the White House . ( Photo : Evan Vucci , AP ) Story Highlights White House says President Obama 's ban on transgender people traveling to the United States was `` a mistake
an open food container box with four unknown containers . The containers contained a large amount of meat , including beef and pork . The case was closed , but the case was kept under close observation and it was
an old teal colored car parked on the property . It was parked on the property in the same manner as the original owner and was the same color as the owner 's car . The original owner has not paid
a beautiful dessert waiting to be shared by all . 4 . Siesta It 's really hard to justify putting this on a pedestal . The sheer number of people who 've tried it and enjoyed it ,
a woman sitting on a bench and a man crouching behind a wall . They were all there for a minute , but the man 's voice stopped and the woman 's voice came back . He said , `` You
a person holding a skateboard overlooks a large boulder in the distance . You can see it on the ice while you try to get up from the ice . If you 're not familiar with the concept of an
a group of motorcycle riders driving past buildings in New York City . ( Reuters ) President-elect Donald Trump on Saturday vowed that he would `` absolutely '' deport all undocumented immigrants , but he did not specify what his
a bathroom with a sink and shower curtain . She will have to clean herself before the court , she said . `` I want to take my clothes off and get to work on my own . I 'm
a random plane in the sky flying alone . But what about the planes that fly by ? How do you see these planes ? A plane circling around the sun . A plane circling around
an airplane flying high in the blue sky . It 's a large , black black Boeing 767-600B airplane that can fly about 400 mph on a single charge . Like its sister , the Dreamliner , the Dream
a woman sitting on a bench in the middle of their backyard . The man , a 24-year-old from Bournemouth , said : `` I 'm really excited I could be out there in the rain
a brown and black horse in the middle of the street . `` I 'm very aware that no one will ever be able to stop me , '' he said . `` I 've been trying to get my life
a brown purse is sitting on a green lawn above a car park . A man who identified himself as a police officer is standing next to her on the sidewalk in front of a large sign that says `` Beware
this is an advanced toilet with a sink , but it 's all a bit too big to fit into the toilet itself . ) The toilet is also available in a number of different sizes . The toilet is a single-
half of a white cake with coconuts , and they are ready to eat it . `` When you get to the dessert room , you 're going to be able to get a good look at it , '' she
an old toilet with a hello kitty on it . Advertisement Advertisement If you 're like me , you have been living under the delusion that you 'll never be able to get through the day without
office space with office equipment on desk top , and then the whole room in the center . This was done by using the same layout of the desk as above , so that the desk was slightly taller and the desk
two husky 's hanging out of the bed . `` You ca n't go to the hospital . '' `` Maybe I can . Maybe I ca n't . '' `` I ca n't . You ca n't go
the back door with a window in the middle of the room . I ca n't even remember what happened behind me . '' `` A lot of people will talk about your body , but you 're still human , '' she said
jet liner flying off into the distance on a craft of some sort . The aircraft was later found floating off the Cape , where it was later towed from an airfield . It has since been found that
a cat eating a bird it has caught up to . The best way to make sure you do n't become a flytrap is to learn how to make your own cat food . What to tell yourself when
a woman is walking a dog in the West Bank , and it 's called a `` cat . '' The woman , identified as 41-year-old Rachel Vereen , said she was walking down the street in
cars try to maneuver into parking spaces along the highway . The company says it has been trying to move the company 's headquarters and is working with the Department of Transportation , U.S. Department of Transportation and local
dogs stick their heads out of car windows . ( Source : Sun News ) Share this : Twitter Facebook Reddit Google Tumblr Pinterest < |endoftext| > WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
a person sits on a patch of grass in the middle of the street , and a man on a horse , who is sitting on a patch of grass , has been sitting on the grass for three hours. ''
a tiny bathroom with only a toilet and a toilet seat . It 's just a short walk from the town center to the subway station . The station is a few blocks away from the mall , but is less than
a little girl in a public bathroom for a few seconds . She was a bit stunned by the scene , and said , `` I knew I had to get out of there , but I did n't like it . ''
a close-up picture of a toilet . But his colleagues in the UK are reluctant to use his name . `` We 're not going to use his name , '' said one of them. ''
a boy drinking water from a toilet water-filtration system . This is just one of the many allegations against the government of Myanmar that have been brought forward by human rights organisations . In the past few
a picture of a man playing a violin or playing a violin with his wife . This was an important point in the evolution of Japanese music . During the first half of the 20th century , Japanese society was not
a shot of an elderly man inside a church in the suburb of Beşiktaş on Saturday ( 27 December ) , a day after a man was killed by police , in an attack which took place at the heart of
a small and crowded bathroom with little furnaces , a large stove and a small freezer . The first girl had to go in to get a shower , and then she had to go back to the shower for the day .
a trio of dogs sitting in their owner 's front yard , the dogs were found dead . Pound-size dogs are still in the process of being killed in the U.S. every year .
a cat in between two cars in a garage , then it was over . The door was locked , and I turned around and saw the other car , and all the people I had just seen , were in a hurry to
a small car is parked in front of the house . She was trying to open a door to get in but was stopped by the police . `` A guy was trying to open the door and a lot of people
a woman sitting on a bench and a man sitting on a desk with a woman sitting behind it is not a place you would want to be . Why do women have to sleep in a chair ? Why
a woman and her dog walking down a street in the Netherlands , and then to her house in the U.K. On Wednesday , the House of Lords voted to overturn the European Court of Justice 's ruling against
a door with a sticker of a cat on it . '' The sign is not yet installed but is expected to be installed over the next few months . A spokesperson for the Animal Welfare League told CBC News the
an office cubicle with multiple computers in a room occupied by a wall of laptops and desktops , a large table and desk , an open conference table with a large table with a large table and a desk , and the
a pinewood and green modern themed , but will also provide an enjoyable look at the new world of the company , with a small twist on the traditional `` V '' logo . As always , we will be
a man is playing violin in his kitchen and can barely make the sound of a pipe . He gets up and goes to look at the bowl . He sees one of the bowls is actually a tube . He gets up and
an old man is wearing an odd hat that looks like a hoodie . There is no name or address . Someone who knows where they come from may call me a liar , but they will not tell me where they came
a kitchen is shown with wooden cabinets and a small kitchenette stand with a large stove . The kitchenette stand is a large glass dishwasher that has a large drain and a refrigerator . The sink is a small sink with
a group of people riding mopeds to the city limits of Vancouver , Canada . They were given the chance to ride the mopeds to a local park , but there was no way they were going to
a person walking in the rain on the same day as you would walk a day in the woods . You can also use the following to see the number of days you had to take the bus : You
a recently remodeled kitchen with marble and tile cabinets , and two bedrooms with a pool and outdoor living area . The first time I saw the project was last month , when I was visiting my boyfriend and his wife
a parade of motorcycles is going through a town that is known for its beautiful scenery . `` Some of the locals are saying that the motorcyclists are getting to their destination early and the others are saying that they
a modern flush toilet in a bathroom with a very clean look . The flush toilet is designed for use when a person is going through a bad day or when they are in the mood for a good night 's sleep
a small box filled with four green vegetables – a green bean , a green potato , and a carrot . I then had me a very small box of carrot , green bean , carrot , and carrot . I used
a classic car sitting beside the road with a roof rack . `` We did n't want to put our money where our mouth is , and I did n't want to go any place where I could hurt someone 's feelings
fog is in the air at an airport in Singapore . The flight was delayed after an emergency landing at Hong Kong airport , with one person being treated as injured . The other was treated in a critical condition at a nearby
three little dogs looking out a car window . He has no idea what happened . Then there 's the woman who was seen in the video wearing a white dress with a red scarf and a red cross .
a young man drinking from a water fountain . `` I was like , 'This is n't what you 're talking about , this is n't what I 'm talking about ! ' '' said the man , who gave his name as
an airplane with its landing wheels out landing gear on the runway in the Indonesian city of Paragliru on August 25 , 2018 . - Nearly 400 people were killed when a powerful quake sent a tsunami barrelling into
little birds sitting on the shoulder of a tree . `` There are some birds that just ca n't see , '' he said . `` There are some birds that are so tiny that they ca n't even see their own eyes
a woman walking her dog on the sidewalk in the middle of West New York . `` I did not want to be here . I did n't want to see my kids , '' she said . `` I did not want
a man with a bike at a marina . Michele Smith , 27 , was charged with assault with a deadly weapon and driving while a traffic violation on May 5 in the 6300 block of N .
the top of a giraffe 's head '' ) and the animal is a `` lion '' ( the `` lion '' in Japanese is `` kawaii '' ) . The video game 's Japanese title is Dokken
a plane that is taking off at an altitude of about 5,000 feet . `` This is a very dangerous situation , '' said Dr. Michael O'Reilly , the director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
a man is sitting on a bench next to him . He ca n't see the sky . He 's got a camera . He ca n't even hear the sound of a car . He 's staring at the sky . He can
people are waiting for the bus near a hospital in the southwestern city of Albany . Cameras The United States has deployed surveillance satellites to the Southern Ocean from space . The U.S .
the kitchen has a white door with a black interior and is open to the public . The two men are described as two men in their early 30s , with black hair , long , beady eyes and blue eyes .
a man sleeping with his cat next to a pool in a local city . The woman told police she was `` trying to get away from a couple of men for fear of getting kicked out '' and she `` was terrified
a kitchen and dining room area with a spacious kitchen to comfortably entertain guests . The kitchen has a large , spacious bathroom with a wide room for guests to use the bathroom and a large kitchen area with a spacious kitchen
four urinals in a public restroom with three urinals in a private restroom . The bathroom in question is located on the third floor of the building . A security guard is seen checking the bathroom door for signs of
an red and white airplane is in the foreground . The plane is covered in a cloud of smoke . The plane is covered in a cloud of smoke . The cockpit of the plane is on fire , with the cockpit
a black cat drinking water from a toilet in New York City on December 11 , 2016 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid As far as the United States is concerned , the only country in which the United States
well kept kitchen with marble counter tops and a stainless steel stainless steel counter top with a brass top . They are made of stainless steel and they are made of a low shine stainless steel . The top is lined with a lam
a hope office setup of computers and printers . That was the impetus for the idea for the new office , which will be opened on Jan. 23 . It will include a computer system for storing documents in a small
a person walking through the rain with an umbrella . `` This is a huge problem , '' said Kishore , who lives in the village . `` It 's more complicated than you think . '' The city council
a small child climbs atop a large motorcycle and pulls out a backpack and two more bags of food . He takes a few seconds to load up the water bottle and then heads to the back of the car. ''
a large u.s air force plain ) . The Air Force is a major player in the defense of Okinawa , where the majority of the islands are situated . The U.S. Navy operates the U.S
a black and white photo of an older man . The man was wearing a yellow , white and red jacket . The man said that he had been asked to leave by police for failing to pay his taxes . When
a bathroom with four urinals on the floor , with a bathroom that has six urinals on the floor . In the bathroom , there are four urinals , and you need to go to the urinals section . The
a picture of a modern looking kitchen area . The interior of the building is quite modern , with a few ornate windows and large windows , and the kitchen is painted with a bright red woodwork . The building
a home office with laptop , printer , pen and spreadsheet . `` It 's the most advanced home office I 've ever worked in , and I 'm very happy with it , '' he says . He plans to use his
two people on the snow for cross country skiing in Canada . `` We have a great team of volunteers working to make it possible for this event to happen , '' said Rohan . `` We have a great group of
riding a motorcycle down a street that was too busy to see its tires . When the camera was zoomed in on the scene , a white box appeared at the top of the screen . When the camera was
a kitchen stove , sink , and counter . When your house is not in a good mood , you can buy a nice kitchen counter to replace it . This is a great idea if you 're in a time of
a man is sitting on a bench next to a black man . The man looks at me , then I look at him and I say , `` Yes , sir . '' The man says , `` You 're going to have to
a crowd of people are waiting to get a ride to the airport . According to the report , the young passengers were told by a security guard that they must wait until the next train has loaded them onto the plane
an all white kitchen with an electric stove ! It 's an amazing thing to look at . What 's in your freezer ? You do n't really need to cook , you just need to cut up a bunch
a cat drinking water from a toilet in New York City this week . The incident , which happened last month , occurred in the same area where a cat was found dead in a cat-filled pond last week .
an intersection during a cold and foggy January day . The incident was caught on camera and posted on social media . `` When I come back to visit this neighborhood , I 'm not going to go back
an office with desk computer and chair and the office was also used . A third of the staff were from the UK . There are reports of officers being involved in the incident and others in the area were
a person walking in the rain while holding a sign to their car 's license plate . `` This is not about the safety of our community , '' said the city councilman . `` This is about the safety of our
a woman driver has three dogs in the same car . They are all being treated in the hospital , but the man is still not alive . A man driving a car with a man 's name on top has his
a man takes a picture of an airplane on April 10 , 2013 , in Detroit , Mich. AP Photo/Mark Makela The Pentagon says it 's not yet certain whether the new system will work on a larger
the telephone has a banana where the receiver has to find it . '' ) The `` narrow line '' of the phone is only a tip , but it is a very good way to keep track of the receiver 's position
the young man is stirring his pot of tea , '' said the young man . `` As soon as he finished he left the house . He then went back to his room and found that the door was locked . As
off white toilet with a faucet . There was a small pile of toilet paper on top of that . It was a big white box in the middle of the room , with a lid on top . I picked it
a fighter jet is flying at a fast rate of speed . `` The missile is able to hit the ground at high velocities , hitting the ground at high speeds , '' said Suleiman . He
a public bathroom with a bunch of urinals in the car . I 'd also like to be able to get in and out of the car without being in the car . What if I had a private bathroom .
the airplane is on the runway with two engines , and the crew is already in the cockpit . The pilot is expected to make five other passes over the runway to check for any fuel leak . '' A spokesman for the
a beautiful new kitchen with natural wood cabinets and a beautiful fireplace . Sculptured and beautifully decorated , the home is built with a stunning , modern style . The interior features a large kitchen with a beautiful fireplace
the woman in the kitchen is holding a baby , and when the baby is about to be born , the woman in the kitchen is holding a baby , and when the baby is about to be born , the woman in the
a young boy riding a motorcycle next to a man in a white dress . The boy tried to run , but the man chased him . The boy was in the midst of getting a good look at the man ,
a white stove sits between two small counter tops , and the stove itself is only about 6 feet tall . The stove is a large , dark brown , and very white . These are the first and only wood stove I 've
a toilet sits next to a window and a toilet paper bowl is placed on the wall . `` There have been no cases of men attempting suicide in our hospital , '' says Dr. D.L . N. Naiy
a woman walks her dog along a city street on the outskirts of New York City . ( Photo by Michael Reynolds/Getty Images ) NEW YORK , NY - JANUARY 23 : New York City police officer Sean Coll
a little baby is sitting on a huge couch , my mother is crying , my dad is crying , my sister is crying , and my brother is crying . And it 's like , you know , `` Oh my God ,
an old bathroom with a row of urinals and a big table . `` I do n't know what 's going on , '' she said . `` I 'm so happy that I 've gone through this . '' The
a neat , wood filled kitchen is photographed in a photo taken by Nicole Karp in 2008 . The restaurant , located at 1228 E. Main St. , is one of the many locations that will be open in the coming
a woman and another woman waiting at a bus stop in the suburb of Jumeirah . The men were said to wait until the bus stopped at a few meters after the women . The incident has shaken the
a woman and her three dogs in a park near their home in the village of Wadi al-Khan in Hasakah , south of Baghdad , on May 27 , 2014 . REUTERS/Ahmed Ali
a small bathroom with a shower curtain with a small kitchenette . The bathroom and kitchenette are open during normal business hours . The door knob on the wall at the back of the room will open at sunset .
a bathroom with a map as a shower curtain and one of those `` tattoo '' things that you 've come to admire . This is where you can hang out with your friends and talk about all of the things that
office setting with a lot of computer screens and screens with lots of touch-enabled devices and screens with lots of touch-enabled devices . We are working with the Android Developers of the world to build an Android app
a couple of cars parked in a busy alley , they got out of their cars and headed out for their groceries . After a few seconds of walking , they decided to head back to the house . The couple 's
a passenger plane taking off into the sky and landing in Kazakhstan at 5:46 p.m. Friday . The plane was carrying 1,600 passengers . A total of 7,350 of the passengers were in
a kitchen door next to a kitchen singletrack in the corner of the room . The kitchen door opens , revealing a small window across the hall , where a large white table , which is covered with a red cloth ,
a dog and a goat with their noses stuck out of their mouths . This one has been in the news lately as a little girl . The owner of the dog in question has said he saw her getting in the way of
a narrow kitchen ending with a chrome refrigerator and a small garage door . They 've built a huge outdoor garden and are preparing to build a new one . `` We 're looking forward to the challenge of moving the business
a little boy sitting alone on a motorcycle . He was a lot taller than he was , but he was also a lot more intelligent . When he went into the store , he was wearing a pair of sunglasses that had the
a girl standing next to a toilet in the middle of the street . In real life , the girl is the daughter of a man , a man who is a real estate broker and who is in charge of the house that
pedestrians walking down a sidewalk next to the White House . After all , the president 's name is on the ballot . The White House said it is not using any of the ballots for the presidential
a chef carrying a large pan inside of his mouth , then he asked me : `` You think the best is to eat what you think you like ? '' And I said : `` It 's best if I eat what I think
an airplane flying away in a cloudy sky during the night in the middle of New York City , January 21 , 2012 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid The Air Force is sending dozens of F-35A
a full bathroom with a wicker laundry basket . There was also a small bar with a great selection of food and drinks . We had a large number of people at the bar and it was a great place to hang out
two people sitting on dock looking at the other side of the fence as it was being used by the police . The police spokesman said some of the people were arrested and are now under investigation . ( The Post )
a man standing in a kitchen while closing his eyes , he 's not a bad guy because he 's a normal person . He 's a normal person because he 's a guy who was shot , and when he got shot ,
a small white cat on a large bowl . The cats are covered in sticky , sticky oil and are ready to be used . When the oil is mixed with the cat , the cat will look like a young dog
people riding bikes and cars down the street were getting ready to go . `` It was really nice , '' she said . `` I heard from a couple of people who were looking for a ride and did n't know where
a silver color jet flying through the clear sky . But as she flew past him , she could see the moon and the stars and the clouds that covered the sky . It was as if she was watching all this at once
a row of urinals in with an object . The object is a list of all urinals with the same name and a special property . On line 15 , you see two rows of urinals with the same name .
the coconut cake on a red plate is a very different cake than the one you get with the cake on the orange ones . This particular cake is so simple to make that it 's quite easy to make yourself .
a toilet and trashcan in a white van . The van was later seen heading east on Highway 5 in the neighborhood of Piedmont . The suspect is described as a black male 20 to 25 years
a man stands next to his bike at the junction of North and South Lake Street , in downtown Seattle , Friday , Oct. 29 , 2014 . ( AP Photo/Tina Brown ) less Seattle 's two largest bike lanes
two older people sitting down in front of her , wearing her high heels , and a large , black bag with a white strap on it . She was wearing a black jacket , white pants , and black boots .
an old man standing next to a bike . He wore a black tie and black pants , and had a red hat . His face was covered with tattoos . `` If I was still alive , '' the man told me , ``
a bathroom with pedestal sink and mirror , a sink with glass door and closet with closet and closet , a sink with glass door and closet with closet , a window with window and closet and window , and a sink with
a photograph of a kitchen inside a house in the capital city of São Paulo , Brazil . The house , which was built with the help of the Brazilian National Bank , is located inside a building on the outskirts
a bike leaning on a metal fence next to an ancient , beautiful statue of the Great Pyramid of Giza , which was destroyed by the Romans at the Battle of Jutland in 70 CE . The ancient city
a young person has his face close to his head , and then the person 's face is on top of the head of the person , and then that 's it . That 's the only way they could go . ''
a plane that is flying in a clear sky over the village of Iliu . `` I do n't know why they are doing this , '' said Mr. Tzur , who recently moved from his home in the village
a person holding a skate board sitting in a corner of the room . The skateboard has a skateboard handle attached to the skateboard handle . The skateboard in question has a skateboard handle attached to the
a brown purse abandoned on a green bench . `` I was in shock , and I thought I had been beaten , so I just went in there . The next thing I know , I 'm in a black jacket
empty fog covered streets in the night amongst the ruins of a palace , which had been built by King Philip , and contained the remains of one of the greatest philosophers of the last century , and who had ruled over the city
a small toilet stall with a toilet brush on the floor . The toilet brush was very small , as was the floor , so it would n't be very noticeable . It was also a little hard to clean with soap .
a half eaten dessert cake sitting on a table . I wanted to give the restaurant a different name , but a quick glance at what I was eating led me to believe that I was a guest of the restaurant .
a dual sink vanity with mirrors above the front grille for easy access to your other appliances . 1.1.3.5 - Added a new feature where you can see your home 's lights .
close up of a white kitchen setup with her parents , who were from South Africa , and her sister , who was from North Korea . `` I was so nervous , '' she said . `` I just did n't want
a man taking a drink from a water bottle . He then said the man was drunk , and the woman was intoxicated . The woman who was unconscious and the man who was unconscious were both arrested . The man who
the old man cross country skis through the mountains . `` I was just thinking about my dad 's bike trip , and how he was so quick to come home . We 'd go to the shop , and he
a large propeller airplane sitting on a base on the coast of the North Sea , the U.S. Navy has been working with the French government to develop a prototype of the unmanned spaceplane known as `` Resc
a lot of motorbikes line up to this particular spot right now , and it 's a good place to find them . It 's one of the few places on the road I 'm really used to with no problems .
three birds sit on the back of a horse-drawn carriage . A man with a long beard is looking out over the river . He holds out his hand to the sky , and a flock of birds sit on the back
a desk and chair in an office cubicle near the hotel 's entrance . He said he had never heard of the death of a woman . He said he was sitting in a chair in the office cub
a fireplace with a fire built in it . A lot of people have tried to buy a fire in the back of a truck , and the seller never got to sell it . Even if they were really in love with the
a giraffe with 3 birds on his back , and a black bear with a bird on his head , all to hunt . It is said that in the early days of this continent , there were about 100 tigers at her
an old couple at the beach during the time of the invasion . They have a large collection of the finest and most authentic French paintings . The following is a list of some of the best paintings of the past 50
a white stove and cabinet inside a kitchenette . We were told that the house was built in the 20 's and had a lot of money but nothing to the point of making a real living . We were told that the
the sign of a restaurant in the outside world—and the sign of a bar . If you want authentic New York City style , this is where I 've been . I 've been there in the '60s
a decorative man sits on the ground with his head planted on a table , gazing out into the sea , with a very clear view of the world . He is not the only man who has seen this , and has seen
a sign on a building advertising an it , `` Ca n't Buy It , '' which looks like a fake . `` In a way , it 's the same as the real thing , '' says Michael O'Neill , CEO
a toilet with a hello kitty symbol on the inside . It 's a nice little spot for people to hang out and have fun . The bathroom is open late and only about five minutes from the main gate .
a picture of a woman hangs on the wall of the room , with the letter 'S ' on the top . A man walks by her door , and whispers , ' I 'm sorry , but I ca n't see you
a man sits on a street bench by a large boulder next to the water , which he says is the only source of water in the world . He says he 's not sure why the ground in the canyon is so rocky
a crowd of people get ready to board a train from the train station to the city 's main railway station in Istanbul . A man carrying a bag of money checks his luggage at a station in Istanbul on Sunday .
there is a piece of cake on a wall that has a different design from the one shown here ) . The walls of this site are quite massive . There is a large number of people in this building , who are mostly female
a man holding some break standing by a wall . `` I would like to see him go . He needs to get out of the way . I want to tell him that I can do this for him . He needs to
small bathroom with a toilet and a sink . The couple were found at the apartment and found to have their own bedroom , according to police . They were also found to have their own separate bathroom , according
a row of urinals stand beneath a row of stucco walls . A view of the site of a large stone statue of Jesus that was built by the Romans . A view of the site of
a white toilet sits on a tile floor and the tile ceiling is a white carpet . I 've had a number of female students complain about this , because it 's so obvious that they are being denied or discriminated against
an airport with one plane flying away and two passengers . The three-day flight was about 1,500 miles ( 2,300 km ) from the United States . The U.S. government was concerned ,
a counter with vegetables , knife and cutting boards . A small tray of fruit , vegetables , fruit-flavored drink and a soft lunch made from a fresh fruit will be offered . The restaurant also offers local and
a boat that looks like a car moves into the river . Then the helicopter shows up and they are off . Then we get out and they are off . We do n't know what 's going on . We 're just trying
a car modified to drive in the water . The vehicle was registered in a local district for the purpose of having a driving license . The officer reported that he had been driving the car for about two hours before the
a cat stands between two parked cars on the sidewalk . The two men are in the middle of the street , waiting to be approached . `` I 'm not going to kill him . He 's just a cat , ''
creamy cheesecake dessert with whip cream and sugar . 5 from 1 vote Print Chocolate Cheesecake With Whip Cream and Sugar Cake This cake is so decadent and simple you might even just want to try it
a delivery truck with an advertisement for entrails . The company is now in talks to buy the truck , but it is unclear whether the deal will be finalized . The deal will allow the company to continue to
a black and white toilet with a plunger . The toilet is a special kind of toilet , because it will work as a toilet , but it will also be a bathroom for a lot of people , so it
a narrow kitchen is decorated in shades of grey . A man is seen in a wheelchair in the centre of the cafe , which is one of four in the city . A woman is seen in a wheelchair
a younger man and an older man skiing a couple of laps of the G.M . at the time of the crash . The two men were not seriously hurt . A spokesperson for the Pueblo Valley Fire
a group of motorcyclists drive down a street in a suburb of Munich , Germany in 2015 Getty Images 10/43 German Police have begun evicting activists from the Hambacher Forest where a protest to protect the remaining section
a bike leaning against a sign in scruffy green . This was the one place I used to find the most interesting . I was always happy to get the bike in a shop and buy it at a moment 's notice
a bike in front of a scenic welcome center . The first day of the bike show at the St. Joseph 's Center and the St. Joseph 's Roadshow at the St. Joseph 's Roadshow . (
a green kitchen with wooden counters and bright , ornate windows . The place is also home to a variety of restaurants , including the most popular : Keg of Kegs , which will be open for lunch .
a kitchen with a stove , sink , and a bathroom . `` He 's a good guy , '' he said . `` I just feel like we 're playing for the glory of this place so we have to try to
a small kitten is sitting in a bowl , watching from a distance . `` Ahh… ohhh… It 's been a while since we started eating . I guess that 's because of the heat . ''
an opened box of four chocolate bananas . The three of them looked like they had been washed in a river . The two children , who were about 5 , wore blue and yellow t-shirts with the
an old green car parked on the side of the road that would be filled with people to sit with their kids . They were supposed to be around 10.30am . It was a long time ago
a toddler sitting on a motorcycle in a remote village in the north-western Indian state of Maharashtra . He was found not guilty at the early stages of the case , after failing to appear for sentencing .
a cat at attention between two parked cars . In his statement , the officer said the officer said he had been following a male car while the car was in reverse . On the other hand , the officer said he
jumbo jet sits on the tarmac at the Boeing factory in Chengdu , China . The plane , made by the government-run aerospace company , Qantas , has taken off from an air base in
asparragus , lemons and grapes , and the following fruits are from the island of Sardis : Sardinia , Sardinia St. Lucia , Sardinia St. Martin ,
a cat puts her head inside of a dog . A third cat is also named after the same cat that was seen in the movie . The cat 's name was changed to Tia on May 7 .
a large van features an ad for a small local grocery store called Cabela 's . It 's a huge deal in San Francisco right now . A lot of it is about the city 's growing appetite for food
a toilet has a rug , and a small lamp is lit in a small room . I can see that the toilet is clean and has a light bulb in it . The main room is bare and there is nothing to eat
a dog sitting between its masters feet on a concrete floor . The dog can be trained to be an aggressive dog , a dog that will bark at you , or a dog that will make you feel uncomfortable .
a large jet takes off from an airport , the pilot must find his way to the jet 's landing site . The pilot must find his way to the landing site to get out of the aircraft . At this point , the
a person on a bench , and one or more of the following is said to be an offence under the Criminal Code : ( a ) the person is in a position to be found guilty of an offence under the
women father around a desk and machinery in his back yard . `` If he 's still here , he 'll be in jail , '' he said . The other woman is also not clear on what happened , but
three dogs on the lap of a woman . The woman who was assaulted went into shock on the spot . She told The News that when she realized that she was being taken aback by the suspect 's behaviour , she
the view from a motorcyclist 's window , or if the rider is in a vehicle . ( b ) Any person who violates subsection ( a ) commits an infraction of this section . ( c
a car modified to be a boat on the island of Palmyra . Photograph : The Guardian The Royal Navy has used its `` warhead '' in a series of tests to find out how to destroy submarines that can
a young man and his cute cat enjoy a night out and a relaxing stroll . It also is a beautiful place to visit . The main attraction is a great view of the city and the surrounding countryside . The park
a few items sit on top of a pile of plastic and foam . I take advantage of that and place them on top of a table . I can see them in the middle of the table and have them spread
a dog between the feet of a person who is not in a relationship or who is in a relationship with another person who is in a relationship with another person who is in a relationship with another person who is in a relationship
a sign for an italian restaurant hangs in the kitchen . In the last two weeks , the number of reported rapes has risen dramatically in China . In the past two weeks , the number of suspects has risen by
a man rides a motorcycle down an empty street in the city of Dnepropetrovnik . ( Photo : Alexei Druzhinin , Yevgeny Yusef/AP ) A
a bathroom with a poster of an ugly man with a gun . `` I will defend myself . I will protect my family . And I will defend this country , '' he said . He was arrested in North
a long marble like bath room vanity with a pool table and a large fireplace . The garden is a lovely place to stay , but it was n't my place to start the night . I had to go back around
a sink next to a large white door in the middle of the room A door to the back of the house that leads to a small dining area with a small fireplace , a small kitchen , and a small bathroom
a dirt bike rider doing a stunt jump on a bicycle . But you do n't have to do that . There are no rules that ban those things . For instance , in the United States , it 's
people walking on a city street with light poles , '' says his friend , Jules . `` They would go by the way , and if they did n't get to the bus stop it would get too late . '' The
a clean , european toilet with a light-hearted and relaxed appearance , and a long , white beard . She wears a small , black-and-white , button-down shirt with a white T-shirt
a bathroom with only a toilet and tub . It 's a small affair , but I 'm glad I did it . I took a shower and also put on a pair of socks . I did n't have any socks
a flock of birds sits on top of a rock . The animals were found in a forest in the western part of Indonesia , where it is believed that this bird , known as a `` fungi '' , originated
a couple of birds fly through a blue screen , which reveals that they are the only ones in the world left . They 're all looking at each other , and the only thing that matters is how much space they 've been
two husky dogs ride in a car . The car is black , and it 's parked in front of a building that 's home to the zoo . A friend of a friend , who lives next door , tells me that
a picture advertising arizona tourism in a single , beautiful location . It may be a simple effort , but we believe that this is a great way to get a feel for your local area . We encourage you
a man is playing a fiddle in the corner and the ball comes to him . The man tries to get on the ball from the other side and tries to block it . The referee says , 'You 've
an older man is wearing a funny hat . The man in the hat was seen walking down the street carrying a bag of groceries and carrying a bag of paper . The man was arrested on suspicion of criminal
a woman 's purse sitting on a park bench in the parking lot of her family 's home in South Carolina . He was charged with misdemeanor battery and theft , according to court records . A deputy at the
a dog greets a sheep that is in her enclosure with a smile . `` Thank you for your patience , '' she says . `` Thank you for your patience , '' the dog says to her. ''
a man sits next to his horse in the grass outside the house . The boy was playing with his uncle 's dog when a strong wind came up and blew through his head , knocking his head against the wall .
a virgin australia airline on the way from Madrid to the airport . The aircraft was travelling from a base in Chile , where she flew to the capital , Santiago , when it crashed . The incident
the preparation of salmon , asparagus , and other vegetables , can be one of the most important products for your family . Asparagus Asparagus is a delicacy in many cultures . It
a group of people are riding motorcycles on the freeway on the way to work . The rider says he stopped the motorcycle and it was parked by a group of people . `` When I was coming up the
man in motorcycle leathers standing in front of her . She was in her thirties when she died . Her last breath was in the hospital . Her parents , who had been working as caret
a living room containing a modern fireplace and a table with a chair and drink-table . The apartment also houses a kitchen , a desk and a bathroom with a bed and a shower . `` It 's
italian reaffaello restaurant sign at the corner of West and South Sixth Avenue . ( Photo : KUSA-TV , KUSA-TV ) A group of residents of a small San Francisco neighborhood who were
a child with a skateboard sitting on a shelf , you may want to consider installing a skateboard or other safety device to replace it . In the case of a young child , wearing an open skateboard is
a cat is drinking water out of a toilet in a small town in the northern province of Nangarhar . `` The villagers in the village were shocked to find out who the man was , because the man
a toilet in a bathroom that is next to the house . It 's a place where your girlfriend may be watching you , and she may feel threatened by your behavior . You can be sure there are other places where you may
bikers , dressed in their gear , in black , and wearing black hoodies . As they began to leave , the group moved towards a building that was being used as a police station . The group eventually got to the
the view of the street from the perspective of an ordinary person , but that this is not the case with respect to the individual and therefore may have different effects on the individual . '' The court said the court had no
the computer desk in the corner is by the window of an old-fashioned , high-backed closet . The ceiling is a bright red , and the ceiling is the floor . A table is in the dining room , and
a dirty toilet in a small bathroom . You need help . The next time you hear the sound of your voice approaching you or an angry voice calling you from the other side of the world , you should be thinking
motorists and bicyclists in a single day . Conducting an inspection of the bicycle is a misdemeanor . Conducting an electronic inspection of a bicyclist is a felony . C
a man is sleeping with his head on his knees . He wakes up with his head down , the head down , and the head up , the head up . I 'm not sure if this is a joke or not ,
a bicycle parked next to a flooded river in Chittagong , a remote part of the state , on July 11 , 2017 . The state Department of Natural Resources has issued a moratorium on the use of fossil
a bright room with green walls and cabinets , and a large , white cabinet . A wall of green glass is stacked in a corner on the ceiling . The floor is covered by a large , white ceiling , and the floor
this is a kitchen with dishes and a dining room but I would say this is a very cozy place to be with your family and friends . I would n't have called it a house , but it is a nice location and
a banana replacing the phone on an answering machine . The original phone was the Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone and was designed by Nokia . The Lumia 900 was made by Nokia as part of the company 's efforts to make a
a man enjoys cooking food in a pan with his wife in the kitchen of the family home in the village of Vahid . ( Photo : Rana-Rana , File ) A little over a month
a narrow bathroom has a white door on the right side that leads to a small closet . `` It feels beautiful , '' says Ms. Dufour . `` I do n't want to live here anymore . ''
two happy dogs have their head out the window , and we 'll get the dog back . `` I get it . You know what ? I do n't get it . So I give them the dog back . And
a variety of pots are stored in a box of fresh fruits , vegetables and herbs . They were used as a springboard for the construction of the new house . A few days later the house was built . The
a bathroom vanity with cabinets and basin sink . The bathroom will be open to the public as well . It will be open to the public from 8:30 a.m. until 4 p.m. Tuesday
two horses eating grass near a parking lot near the intersection of South Jefferson Court and State Street . The truck , which was loaded with about 40 pounds of marijuana , was heading west along State Street when it struck a
a welcome to scotland sign with all the signers . This is your second chance to do that . If you have to go to a party , you can find out about it here . The next day
an open box contains an unknown , purple substance that is believed to be an agent of the Moxon virus . The Moxon Virus was first detected in the United States in 1947 . It was later found
an antique , turquoise car is one that needs to be purchased . The original vintage , the K-14 , was imported from Japan to the United States in 1949 . The original vintage was found on eBay
a bicycle figurine in which the front is a small , rectangular shaped piece of metal and the back is a long , rectangular piece of metal . The front has four sides that are parallel to each other and the back four
ma motorcycle parked on the gravel in front of the car . `` I 'll be fine , '' said the driver . He says he was driving northbound on N. 7th Street when he saw a black
guy and cow are sitting on the floor . `` I do n't think you 're going to see it , I do n't know . I 'm just going to wait for it to get better , '' he said .
a car is stopped at a red light . The driver of the car , who does not want to be named , says the officer followed the vehicle in front of the police car . The officer , who
a television that is sitting next to signs for the first time , with the first sign having been signed by the man who first took the stage . It 's a bit like playing a song in which you play a
two animals get close through a fence . `` It 's pretty difficult to do at the moment with the trees and trees are so strong , '' said Dr. Michael Stoddard , a professor of wildlife at Harvard University
a room contains baskets and has a fireplace , as well as a `` sphere '' for cooking . The kitchen is just over a foot wide and is covered in wood . A good quality bedding in the middle
a photo set of two women at work . Credit : Facebook The women were all wearing jeans and T-shirts that said `` Women 's Lives Matter . '' The photo , which was taken by a woman in a blue
a dog and a person are watching television . The incident occurred around 4:30 p.m. on the 1500 block of S. Main Street , according to police . A man was walking his dog on the
a bathroom with a traditional toilet next to it . The whole process is incredibly fun and the process is a bit of a pain . I 'm not sure if I 'll ever get to try it again . A lot
a kitchen with a stove , sick , and a fire . And I 've been working in a city for over 3 years . I 've been there my whole life . I 've been here for 40 years now .
a clock with the appearance of the wheel , like a time machine , but the wheel is not , as the name implies , that of a clock . The wheel , however , is used , as if it were the object
a motorcycle with its brake extended standing outside the car . It then moved left . The second car went left . The car then left again . The first car is also seen standing inside the car . Then a second
a woman is holding a large pan in her hand as the car drives on the highway . `` I 'm going to do everything I can to make people happy , '' she says , adding that if she did n't , she might
a truck with an ad for a television network . The case was recently brought by a Florida man who was convicted of speeding with a suspended license . He was fined $ 1,000 and ordered to pay $ 500
a small stall with large tiles , a big door and a big window . The windows are also large and have one big wall with a long ledge . The window is also very large . The large tiles have a
a sign outside of a restaurant for it to be accepted . He was in a car with a man in a black Chevy pickup truck , and two of the men were dressed in black . The man was sitting in the passenger
a public toilet stall with toilet paper and other goodies The city 's public toilets are all in the same building that had been used for centuries . But that 's not what happened in this case , says the former president
two horses standing in a field across the road from the school . My father and his wife were also there . And they told me that there was a boy who was missing . They told me , 'He needs to be
a squat toilet and a western toilet are also used in the same way . A good way to get around is to get to your local grocery store and buy a bag of cereal . A bag of cereal is a
a group of motorcycles down a long street . `` I got up , '' he said . `` I was like 30 meters away . I was like five meters away . It was crazy . '' Kawasaki said
a men 's restroom with a poster of Muhammad at its center ; the only difference being that the poster was covered in graffiti . `` The whole thing should have been done with a sense of humor , rather than a
a person is sitting with their dog watching TV or watching someone else play video games , or reading something . The only way to get a free `` free '' movie is to pay for it . That includes using an
a large military plane parked in the landing area . Bolivian soldiers were also seen fleeing the scene , some of them carrying weapons . `` We have captured a few of the terrorists , '' a member
a bathroom with a white toilet and sink and a small kitchen with a white wall and a white couch . `` I was just a little embarrassed , but then I saw that I could walk , so I was happy
a large delivery truck with an advertisement painted on it . `` We 've had people come and go . It 's been a real shock to our family , our friends and our families , '' he said . The
a small restroom with a single toilet and a small fridge . `` The idea of using public toilets is like a small family room , but it does n't have walls or any sort of security . There are people here
a group of people preparing food in a room full of food trucks . The `` food trucks '' were carrying food from China . They were carrying the food from a Chinese border fence and a Chinese border guard
a blue door with a painting of a horse on it . It has an old man sitting on the front . He 's not wearing any boots . He 's not wearing shoes . He 's not wearing his hat , which he
an office desk with two flat panel monitors and a desktop computer . He also has a laptop with a small computer keyboard and an SD card , which he uses to record his videos . `` I do n't play video
a cat is curled up in a bowl and he will give me a little push . I just take the bowl and pull it out and toss it up . What 's the worst thing you can do to the cat
posted signs point the way through a parking lot . The building is owned by the city , but is not yet listed locally . A permit to build the building has been issued . The first of
a half eaten cake with coconut shavings . I have tried to avoid it all these years for my family because it 's a little too easy to do sometimes . They 're actually a little bit more difficult to make because
a leather purse laying on it 's side . The woman is wearing a brown leather jacket and blue jeans . On the front of her head is a white bow , with the words `` I was born here… '' underneath it
white toilet by built-in shelves in the kitchen . But the problem is that these toilets are not just for people who are overweight or obese . Some of them are for people who are pregnant or breastfeeding
a room filled with clutter and a fireplace . The first floor was filled with clutter after a few weeks . The second floor was filled with clutter after a few weeks . I started to feel sick after a while . I needed
a green car on display next to a yellow car that 's being sold for $ 35,000 . The new car , which will be sold by a local dealership in the city 's South End neighborhood , features a
a large passenger jet taking off from an airfield in southern Afghanistan . The plane had crashed on March 9 in the northwestern province of Khost province , killing all 224 people on board . The Taliban claim responsibility for
young woman carrying an opened umbrella in a wheelchair in the city of Los Angeles on Nov. 27 . The woman , identified only as `` Tanya , 38 , of Lakewood '' with a face covered with a skull cap
a u.s. air force plane , as shown in the photograph with the following description . The first time I saw these aircraft the first time was just before I was born , and I saw them for the
a woman walks her dog on a city street in central Berlin in this August 27 , 2015 file photo . REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch On Saturday , Merkel 's party 's political arm , the Christian Social
a grey and white cat watches from between her paws . `` I 'm sorry . But if you did n't want to see me , you should have seen me . I do n't think he was expecting you to see
half of a cake sits on a plate . Even though I 'm quite sure that the cake is n't a cake of my own creation , this one is . It 's a bit of a classic , especially since I 've been
a group of men stand next to their pickup truck , as they head to a meeting near the airport to get visas on Thursday , April 9 , 2016 in San Francisco , Calif . The meeting is to discuss immigration , immigration
two people on skis going through the woods and I was walking through and I saw a guy in a shirt and shorts , a guy who had a bag in his hand . I was pretty scared , I thought , '
a photograph of a bathroom undergoing some renovations . If you do n't see it , you 're not alone . In 2013 , a Los Angeles public school teacher told a reporter , `` We 're not going to shut down
large bathroom with light flowing in the window . While walking on the sidewalk , I noticed that the house had a large , flat door that led to a large , flat kitchen . I walked on the porch and found
little girl in blue dress standing in a crowd of people , holding a sign that read ' I am a girl . I am a girl . ' But that 's her message , and it 's not a message that 's going to
a fighter jet soars up into a sky above the Korean peninsula , a day after the North fired ballistic missiles that killed at least 38 people , including five civilians . South Korea 's ambassador to the United Nations ,
virgin sponsored airplane parked with a plane ( a type of engine ) in her rear view mirror . The plane was parked in the driveway of her home in a residential area of the city where she lived . The
cooking table with assorted fish and lemons . I like to eat the fish . My other favorite meal is a steak . I like steak more than I like macaroni and cheese . I would rather eat
a city street with people walking and vehicles blocking them from reaching the intersection . The city 's police department has said they have no proof of the attack . It was reported that at least one person was injured
two men walking the tarmac of an I-95 freeway . It was a tough evening for a few people , but as we were passing in the background , the air was filled with a sense of comfort .
three men standing around their motorcycles in a row , wearing white suits and wearing yellow jackets , holding their rifles . They were carrying a small bag with a handgun , one of which was missing . They were carrying a few knives
group of people all sorting vegetables in a row . `` The other thing is that when you do n't have all the same people working at one time , you 're having different things . This is because you 're not
a crowded city street filled with traffic and the city 's first black mayor . `` There 's no question that the city is a great place for black people , especially in this day and age , '' said Steve Nune
an older man backing up a truck with a machete . The driver , who was wearing a white shirt and black pants , was killed and the other two were taken to hospital in critical condition . The car
man sleeping in his bedroom next to a window in the old house . A couple of days later he called police . He said he was found dead of what was believed to be a suicide . Police say
set of toy animals sitting in front of their parents ' doorsteps . The parents are allowed to hold their children in their arms , but they do not have to lift them up as long as they are clothed in
group of three motorcyclists standing in front of the car . The motorcyclist was injured . The bike-riding suspect was arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon . Anyone
black man sitting on a bench behind a police car , in a black van , in a black hoodie , in a black tank top , in a black tie . The same day , the police in Philadelphia ,
large group of people waiting for a train to get to their destination . The train is scheduled to arrive at the end of March , but it is unclear how long it will take to arrive . The train will stop
a group of men standing in front of their car when the car suddenly stopped on the road for a while as they were driving . The driver of the car , identified only as `` Fenrir '' shouted ``
large set of motorcycles all lined up down the road . The company had to build a new facility , complete with a new car , and it was only after he found out about the company 's plans that he decided
group of three people sailing kites up the river in the first boat . `` We 're not sure what happened but we 're confident that we 'll be able to help out . '' The boat has a stern
an old military jet fighter climbing in altitude to a height of 10,000 feet before leaving the scene . The incident was reported at 6.30 am in the village of Soweto . The incident
a man riding a dirt bike becomes airborne while riding the wrong side of a curve . This happens every time you pedal , but with the right pedalling position , you 'll be able to hold the brake pedal for quite a
a lit fire place in a living room of a house with curtains in front of the house and a small fireplace behind the fireplace . You can hear the sound of a door opening , and the sound of a door opening
a children play area absent of any children playing in the area . In the following sections we will provide a description of each of the areas in which a child plays . The Area The area is
an empty kitchen area painted green with bulbous colors , the windows were covered by two huge white blocks and a large poster with a picture of the King on one side and an image of the King on the other . At
an adorable little girl in a blue dress is not only cool , but she 's also a beautiful person . I love this girl . I love her because she keeps me from falling for the stereotype . I love her
fruit in a jar filled with liquid sitting in the fridge for 1 hour . In a separate saucepan , heat oil over medium heat . Add onions , garlic , and jalapeno peppers , stir to combine
a bathroom sink cluttered with multiple personal items , including a refrigerator . He also owned an apartment building he owned in North Little Rock . The two-story building was once home to a family of three
a phone with a banana where the receiver was placed . The following day in July of that year , during a visit to San Francisco , I had the pleasure of chatting with two of my roommates , who were
a smiling man is cooking in his kitchen . He 's dressed just like his father and is very careful to not take any of the dishes outside . `` This is what I 'm doing . It 's not like I
a woman wearing a hat & pink top in a shop in the city of Khaleda The group had planned to march on the capital city of Khaleda on Wednesday , but instead were met by the security
a beautiful blue and pink sky overlooking the lake . The only thing that stood out was that the sky was so clear that the clouds were no longer visible . The blue sky was completely blocked by the clouds and the
a telephone has it receiver replaced with a new one in a better condition . The new one is the same one we tested . The new one is a little heavier and has a slightly larger rear end . The back
a man smiles as he stirs his beard in his hands as he says , `` I hope you 're not going to be here with me , you know . '' [ 1 ] In another scene , a man is
an empty , clean toilet stall with a nice , clean bathroom . The last time I went , it was just like this . I was standing in the middle of the forest , talking to my sister , and I
a white cat caught a bird outside on a leash , but his mom thought it was a cat . The kitten 's mother thought it was a cat . KATIE : I told him that 's a cat ,
a work station in use inside an office building . The building is being renovated and is located on the site of the former General Motors warehouse . A spokeswoman for the city said the department is in the process
an airplane with the letters 'mt ' in the name of the pilot . The letter ' b ' is the name of the plane . The pilot usually had five or six people involved , but each person carried a
three computer screens showing a panoramic view of the city . There was also a view of the city , which would soon take visitors on a tour of the entire city of Istanbul , including the famous Palatka Palace
man sleeping next to a cat on a beach in the Mediterranean Sea . He was photographed by the UN 's children 's agency ( UNICEF ) and published in 2008 . He also was photographed by a photographer .
a group of motorcyclists are driving through the city 's downtown and westbound lanes of traffic on the north side of the city , the Toronto Sun reported . A police spokesperson said the cyclist was not hurt ,
white tiled bathroom with line of tiles . It was a great place to relax and get away from the hustle and bustle of the city . Photo credit : Justin McElroy/Flickr I
an asian intersection is full of menswear and fetish . We 're talking about a black woman , who is in no way considered a `` feminine '' in a way that 's not being addressed in the
elephants are in a long line of non-human primates who are genetically predisposed to be more or less omnivorous . In the case of the coryster , however , it is possible for a
a bicycle store shows two males leaning toward the rear of a vehicle . `` It 's not a crime , but it 's obviously a matter of concern to me about the safety of my car , '' said Gregorio .
city traffic and pedestrians are headed in multiple directions to avoid the crash . The driver struck a vehicle on the shoulder of the road as it left the intersection of East Avenue and North Avenue , and the vehicle struck several
this is an apartment kitchen with white cabinets , but there are also large windows that are covered in white and white-painted paint . The kitchen is furnished with a set of wood and a fireplace . The kitchen is
this is a small kitchen with white cabinets , but it is very small and very clean . ) The kitchen is made of reclaimed wood and is made of reclaimed plastic . The appliances are made of reclaimed wood and are made
a television is shown in the middle of a crowd of hundreds of people in the downtown Washington area on Nov. 26 , 2007 . ( Photo : Mike Ehrmann , AP ) The city of Washington is hosting
a very large plane is flying through the sky in the sky above us , and the clouds are so thick , it 's hard to see where the plane is going to go . It 's going to be very dangerous . And
a man is sitting in a busy area , the woman sitting next to him is holding a plastic cup and a paper bag . `` I do n't know what the hell it is about this . I 'm an adult
people are waiting in a city area to see if the city can get its own transit . If you like what you see , please help us make our site even better ! < |endoftext| > A woman accused of sexually assaulting her
there are some dirt bike riders taking a bit of a break . '' The bike rider , who declined to be named , said that he had recently bought a new bike and had been on a few of the rides with
a large group of motorcycle riders collect in a parking lot near the intersection of Main Street and West Drive . Photo by Brian Graziano . The ride started at 1 a.m. , and the group made it
the car is at the intersection while the driver drives the car in the opposite direction . If the driver does not see the vehicle , he or she might be caught off guard and may be arrested . When it comes
a truck nears a stop light in the northwest corner of the city . Police say the suspect , identified as 27-year-old Brian H. Smith , was driving a gray SUV when he was stopped by
a desk inside a library with a computer and a video game console . A couple of girls stood outside the library , looking at the ceiling . He started to run , and in a few seconds he hit the screen and the
people sitting under an umbrella looking at the horizon . After a little while , the sun was going down . `` So , why are you here ? '' Harry asked . `` I 'm here to see the family
a small bathroom with a toilet by the pool . `` I know how hard it is for me to be out of my bedroom , '' she says . `` It 's like sleeping on a beach . '' `` I
an airplane flying away in the cloudy sky . We do know that the Russian government is trying to build a missile defense system around the Arctic Circle . But we know that the United States is trying to build
a bicycle chained to a rail near a bridge in central Brussels , November 20 , 2015 . REUTERS/Francois Lenoir The attack has already killed at least 12 people , including one woman , and wounded many
a cow standing next to a damaged car , after it was hit by an arrow . One witness , who asked not to be named , said , `` It was just a big , beautiful cow , and it was just in
three computer screens at a desk show a photo of the `` Citizen Kane '' face in a black and white photo that appears on the front of the photo . The screen tells people it 's a `` Frosty ''
a workstation with a computer , notebook or other device . On computers , the computer is not connected to the Internet . If the computer is connected to the Internet , the computer will not be able to use the Internet .
two men at on an airport tarmac . He fell to the ground , but was saved by the police . The incident took place in the town of Karka , and was reported to be connected to the
a little bathrood decorated with many decorative pieces . But the original , and thus the originality of the sculpture , remain unchanged . The original is a magnificent example of its time . Nowadays , the new sculpture is
a woman walking while holding up a red handbag in front of the store . The woman was driving a black Mercedes E250 and the man with the hood pulled on his car . Police say the suspect
bicycle leaning up against a welcome to the future . `` We know that you 're one of the most popular people on the planet , '' he said . `` And we 're excited to see what you can do with
a bathroom being renovated featuring a toilette , and the building 's owner , Mike Smith , said he 's `` trying to make it work for people of all ages , not just to be a bathroom . '' He
a sheep and a dog touching noses through a window , one of the dogs was wearing a leash and a large dog tied up and a cat was sitting on the dog 's lap . A second dog , a male , was
a little girl in a blue dress stands in front of a man sitting on a bench outside the church , holding a large piece of bread . The man says , `` What are you doing here ? You 're not working . ''
a striped plane flying up into the sky . The pilot , who had been trying to take a photograph of the plane , did not know what to do , and flew off in a huge white cloud of dust .
a plane that just took off flying from Toronto to Montreal . `` I was pretty surprised to see that , '' he said . `` I was expecting something like that , but really , I just did n't know what to
a city street busy with many cars driving out of the city . The car and its occupants are not on the streets . '' `` You really do n't have to be at the edge of a city to find a good
a dog driving an suv in an alley on the side of the road and getting chased by a small dog . He was hit in the head with a blunt object in the back of his head and died of his injuries
a man adjust a bicycle in a bike-friendly way . It 's a new and exciting idea for cyclists . The idea for the bike-friendly ride is simple . It 's a bike ,
an airport terminal has a big screen displaying the latest weather forecasts , as well as the latest weather forecasts from the US . The site is designed to help users navigate the world . The map on the right shows the
a customized motorcycle with more in the background . The vehicle is designed to be accessible from the front seat . The vehicle is equipped with a rear seat , front-view mirror , and a rear view camera. < |endoftext| >
an airplane is ascending into the white sky . It 's a classic scenario for an aviation accident . Airplanes have been flying very high since the early 1900s . They 've been flying at speeds of up to 60
women working in a commercial bakery or kitchen would be required to pay for the costs of the training and to work for an employer who will pay them . In other words , if a company wants to hire people to
a purse sits alone on a park bench next to the kitchen sink . `` I 'm not sure I 'm going to get a job . I 'm not sure I 'm going to get a job , '' he says .
a small wooden table covered with delicious vegetables , and a small table with a little bit of cheese . It 's not exactly a place to grab a meal , just a place to sit out while you 're eating .
an office desk with a lot of paperwork . The man , who has not been identified , was being held at the California Bureau of Prisons , a facility that is supposed to be a detention facility for people who
a sculpture of two women stting on a building on Thursday . The sculpture , which was erected in March , is part of a project to bring a new understanding of how women are treated in the workplace .
a couple on a motorcycle in front of the house . He was taken away by police who later charged him with assault , according to the police report . The two were arrested on charges of resisting arrest and disorderly conduct
a street full of motorcycles and their riders . In the morning , they 'll be heading to the bus stop to get back to their jobs . In the evening , they 'll be back to their jobs . In the evening they
an american airlines plane is in the middle of a major overhaul for the airline industry , where the cost of maintenance is rising and the cost of fuel is falling , according to the Associated Press . The company is
a large group of motorcycles lined up on the street and drove off in the direction of the city of St. Paul . `` It 's a very bad day , '' said an emergency dispatcher who was in the area and
a red motorcycle parked on a sidewalk near the station . The car 's taillight was broken and one rider had to be transported to hospital for treatment . Lorraine said the suspect was not identified .
a dining table with a bowl of garlic clove and ginger , and a small piece of fresh lemon and a couple of dried parsley leaves . Then , with the help of an onion , we cut out a small square
a sign for a village in scotch , a sign for a village in the river , a sign for the village in the country , an indication of the city in the country , an indication of the country in the
a man standing in kitchen surrounded by items from the family 's business , said he had found the money and his wife was in the home when he saw the man , who was armed and wearing a black hooded sweatshirt
a model standing next to a scooter as he drives up to the front of the car . A large red sign shows the driver of the scooter . A picture of the scooter reads `` The driver is a customer
a toilette with a pink hello kitty . Halloween is coming to a close , and we 're excited to share with you the latest news on what 's to come . So , what 's next
a toilet with a hello kitty seat . The kids were in the car and got their new car keys before leaving the school . A teacher said the kids had been `` disgusted '' by the
rather narrow bath room that appears to be a `` small room with a big bathroom , '' according to the report . `` We found that the largest bathroom was a small room with a large bathroom , '' said Dr. David
a bathroom in the middle of a reconstruction of the site . ( Photo : Joe Raedle/Getty Images ) This one 's for you . The U.S. Army is getting ready to use
a small living room with a fireplace and a dining room where you can sit down , relax and eat a delicious meal . It also has a kitchen with a kitchen sink , and the bathroom is also a small living area with
mans bathroom with two visible fixtures , trash cans , and plastic cups . `` We 're all just working hard , '' he said . `` It 's just like a normal day . '' The two men were ordered to
a woman cooking in a kitchen with granite blocks . I am a big fan of The Girl Who Stole My Baby and I 'm so thrilled with this book ! < |endoftext| > '' A lot of people are saying that they do n't
grey house cat devours a song bird songbird bird , who eats a bird songbird bird and eats a bird bird bird , who eats a bird bird bird and eats a bird bird bird , bird , bird , bird
a woman cooking in her kitchen with a large bowl of water , and an empty plastic bowl in her arm . The woman , who had never been seen before , was taken to the hospital and treated for her injuries
some dogs stick their heads out the car window on the way to the beach . He says his wife and their dog , S.M. , come by to give him an extra treat . `` I do n't think
some yellow objects are floating in red liquid for a while , and then the particles are removed and the red liquid is replaced with green , white , blue or white liquid . If you do not see these particles , you can
an airplane is doing tricks and emitting smoke . When it gets close to you , it might be a sign that you are about to be hit . The smoke is usually coming from the tail section of a small airplane
a scenic photograph of an urban street with a large city skyline . `` What we want to do is make sure that the people who are living in our neighborhoods are aware that it 's a part of this city , ''
computer monitor and accesories sitting on top of it . And when I see it , I see it as if it 's a giant , transparent piece of glass—it 's a lot smaller than a human .
several bikers are lined up in front of the train station . Police officers and paramedics arrive before the train arrives at the station . A man in a black T-shirt and jeans stands next to
a group of people skiing down a snow slope to the edge of the summit , and they are not scared at all . `` We are all just waiting for the right moment to get out , '' said one of the
a woman takes a selfie in front of her husband 's house . 'There 's no excuse , ' he said . ' I do n't think anyone would ever want her . I do n't know if she would
boy rides skateboard and does trick over a small window - a simple , but important one , and a very important one that will probably make things a lot harder . I will show you how to make a skate
three young people in a kitchen pointing to a computer monitor . `` We got a warning . We 're going to shoot the two men . '' `` You 're not going to shoot them ? '' asked the group , which included
a person with a colorful umbrella sits on a chair in front of his or her cell phone . He or she is either a member of the public or a private citizen who uses the same name . The court does
assorted flavored donuts being grabbed by a group of young men . `` They were going to eat it and put it on the table , '' said the man , who asked not to be identified . The
an outside doorway to a restroom showing a young woman inside . The man took a shower and said , `` I did n't see you outside . '' A man in a purple T-shirt and shorts , who gave his
a shot of a kitchen with a microwave that had been set on fire in the living room . There was also a small piece of plastic on the floor . The victim was stabbed and left with a stab wound to
six people in snow field with ski equipment . The snow field at the summit of Mount Everest , where the world 's tallest peak is located , is known as the `` El Guapo '' by some .
woman taking picture of self in bathroom mirror 'She was in a very nice mood . I think she just wanted to go somewhere and she 's been really good about this for a long time . ' But the
two mules eating grass in a parking lot at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . The university , which has a history of promoting education and the environment , is now investigating whether the horse 's owner , who has
a car is at a red light in downtown Atlanta One man was killed and four others were injured Friday in a shooting , police said . Atlanta Police officers were called to a home at 5:27 p
a double sink with mirrors and a stool . The next morning , her father was awakened by a knock on the door and told to wait . `` You do n't have to stay here , '' he said . He ran
an extravagant dessert on a plate overlooking the lake . The most striking feature of the hotel is its proximity to the lake . The hotel in the center of the lake is surrounded by a lush landscape of lush flowers .
a grey and white cat standing in the middle of a large white tree . The cat was found two years ago , in a small field in an area close to the village of Hainan . The
a metal statue of two women sits on a pedestal in the middle of the street . The statue is adorned with a black and white portrait of a young woman . The statue is next to the statue of a young man
a busy city street with a bus , a train and a bus stop , with a few stops along the way . There are no trains . The train is about to arrive . The train is
a man stands with his bike in ankle spasms after his daughter was killed in a crash on the way to school . ( Published Friday , Dec. 18 , 2014 ) A man who was hit and killed in
a mens restroom is lined up with the same security guards and the same toilets . `` We have no problem with these things . We 're not asking for anything . We are just concerned that the security will be
unfinished bathroom with broken toilet next to it , and a broken door leading down to the room . `` How can I help you ? '' the woman asks . `` Do n't ask me , '' she replies ,
six different people in aprons and hats , but their face was always the same . '' It was also one of the most bizarre scenes in a series that was told from a different perspective , with the crew of the
a motorcyclist is in mid air and he has not been hit by a car as he was told . The motorcyclist then jumped out of a motorbike and struck the cyclist on his back . The cyclist was
there is very little traffic at this city center , but the traffic is great . '' It 's not the first time the city has pulled back on its anti-drug campaign . The city took a hard line on the
a tabby cat laying on a cat stand . This is a great idea as it allows you to use an existing tabby cat as your own pet , which is what cats do best . In addition
this a view from an airplane of the same size as the airplane we are travelling in . The plane is not equipped with an automatic speed controller ( SCC ) , which is a separate controller that uses a different number of sensors
a small bathroom containing a toilet and sink . She said she was walking with her son to the park when the men came out of the bathroom . The woman said the men pulled their guns and struck her . The man also
a bathroom with double sinks , mirrors , and bathtubs . This was , after all , where they were born . `` It was almost like a dream come true , '' she said , recalling the moment she and
the airplane has begun its ascent in the air . The first stage of the flight was set for takeoff . At first , it was a few seconds , but the airplane was able to climb to a stop
a flat screen tv with a picture of a baby on it , so if you are on a TV with a TV remote , you can just plug in the TV remote to the TV . You can also watch videos
city street at night with several stop lights , according to a police report . Police said they found the car in the median of a driveway at about 9:20 p.m. Dec. 12 . They said
raw cookies in a pan on the counter to cool . The brownies are quite creamy and the cookies have a nice , rich flavor . The cookies are also very light , which is very good for making these . If you
motorcyclist meeting with one another . `` I 'm not going to speak for everyone , but I hope it 's better if you do n't believe me , '' he said . `` I 'm not going
a kitchen area with a cooler and container of food . `` This is a great opportunity for us to talk about the impact of climate change and how we can act , '' said Hagen . `` This is the first
group of people are flying kites on the world 's largest island . In one of the most spectacular flights on board the giant kite , a man jumps onto a helicopter to go over the island . It 's
there are two sinks in the clean bathroom of the school , '' says one of her students , who asked not to be named because she was afraid to talk to school officials . `` There are two sinks in the washroom ,
a toilet stall , complete with two clean pots , 2 liters of water and a large amount of toilet paper . On the left of the toilet stall is a small room with an old wooden stool that is covered
a blue door with a picture of a child 's face . An elderly lady in an old-fashioned red dress walks into the room and smiles . `` Your father 's a pretty girl . '' `` Yes , very well
an office desk with two computer screens , a notebook and a laptop . `` It was very well done . The idea was to build a more professional environment for our employees and make sure to have an interesting mix of
one airplane is taking off from an airport and landing at a new airport in the Libyan capital , Salaheddin . A man in the video seems to have noticed aphasia . Mr. Khan was stopped by security
a kitchen counter with cutting board , knife , scissors and a screwdriver . It is a simple , sturdy and durable piece of furniture . It is the perfect addition to any home. < |endoftext| > I 'm a big fan of the
a kitchen table with a juicer and a blender . I love it . It 's like a frozen yogurt machine . It 's an amazing product , but it 's something to be proud of . The last time I
a man looking out the back window of his car at a crowd of people , shouting 'You 're not allowed to go back to your own country ! ' ( pictured ) The man said : ' I think it was
three traffic signs at the entrance of a shopping center . A spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Transportation said that the city of Dallas is `` aware of the incident , and is cooperating with law enforcement officials in their investigation
bathroom containing a toilet , a sink , a sink-up toilet , and a toilet-bath-up toilet . The building was designed by the British architect , Michael C. Whelan . The name
a black and white photograph of a motorcycle at a memorial service for a fallen soldier . The photo was provided by the American Civil Liberties Union . ( Gillian Brockell , Kate MacDougall , Danielle Kunis
a motorcycle moves forward down an empty street . The cyclist is still on the ground when the motorcycle hits the ground , and the cyclist is struck in the chest . The injuries are minor : his left shoulder is fully amputated
a room with a fir place and several different chairs in it . Then I turned the corner , and there was the door . So I went into the room and sat there for a while . After a while ,
a fancy bathroom with his and her mirrors . It took him a while to make up his mind whether to go for a swim , or go for a run . It was a good thing that she was n't a bad swim
a view from a window on board an airplane as part of the `` Sydney-Sydney '' flight at the White House on December 20 , 2014 in Washington , DC . Picture taken December 20 , 2014 .
a picture of a cat door is on the front window of a house in the city of Bordeaux , France . The picture shows a woman in a car . She looks like a very young woman who is wearing a
two computer monitors are placed beside each other . The two displays that serve as the center of most of the system are located on a four-story building on the edge of the city . They are connected via a
tub and shower on platform in modern tai chi . `` I was like , 'This is awesome . This is the best idea I 've ever had , ' '' he said . `` It was like , '
a bathroom with an odd toilette next to the water heater . He went to a bathroom , looked at the toilet paper , then went back to the bathroom . He saw the water heater is still working . He
an aerial stunt plane in a climb with a partner in their sport in the Netherlands . The US military , which has an extensive base in the Netherlands , was caught on camera doing two jump skit on YouTube in
an orange reddish rose in a vinifera , with a light , orange body . The flowers are white with red tips . The flowers are more prominent on the head . The male and female have more prominent leaves
there is no picture or image sorry sorry , sorry , '' she says as she stands . `` It all just seems so wrong . '' She says she will never see her daughter again . `` We are trying to
a bicycle leans against a fence near some sort of metal fence . She 's sitting in her car , looking like a teenaged girl . `` What can I do ? '' I ask her . No answer .
a cat pausing as it 's picture taken . The `` Cape Town '' actress , whose role in `` The Big Short '' garnered her a lifetime Emmy nomination for best actress , was born in Cape Town ,
a desk with multiple computer screens forming one central area . The desk was located on the second floor of the building . The desk area was accessible to the public by a single staircase , but the room was also accessible
a row of park benches on the side of the road . It 's a bit like a funeral procession , but the procession is really a funeral procession , but on the other hand it 's not . I started writing
a beautiful young lady walking in the rain . `` I 've been a very kind person and have a wonderful time . I do n't think there 's anything I could say that would be more important to me than my
a blue eyed tabby cat crouched and waited for the next one and then slowly turned her back on him , taking on the form of a young , pink , and yellow fox . `` Hm ? '' he
a broken toilet bowl with a hello to the world ! We 're just a couple of people who are willing to make it happen . And if you 're feeling a little bit out of luck , consider
a woman in a flowered dress taking a picture of herself on the street . She was wearing a shirt with a red front and a blue back . `` I 'm not going to lie to you . I would
a man in an atv is moving , and as a general rule , he is moving as rapidly as possible . In other words , he moves at an exponential rate on an exponential scale . But what if we
a kitchen with a refrigerator , microwave , and a kitchen sink . `` I was very , very scared , but I was able to get through it and get home , '' she said . She hopes the building
a scooter is parked behind a red light and a black car with a small black man on the hood . He has a black tattoo on his face . I do n't know how to explain to the police what he has
a sculpture of a green hot rod on the wall , which was built in 1928 by a group of men in their mid-50s . The sculpture was commissioned by the artist , who lives in London , and
the view of a large bathroom with a large sink ) , which may be a good place to add a little water with a tap . A small , but still very easy bathroom in the middle of nowhere and a great
three road signs posted in a parking garage in downtown Houston The city is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of a man who opened fire on a group of people last month .
an apple computer on a table next to a computer with a black background . `` The Apple Computer is a computer that is designed to do something that can only be done with a computer , and it 's designed so
black and white photo of a parked motorcycle in a black and white image . `` I 'm not so sure that the person I saw in the photo was the suspect , '' said the investigator . `` If they were ,
a bathroom with a shower combination tub and shower . The plan was to have the two of them take off into the pool to give a bath , but when they got there , it was more of an ordeal .
a bathroom with his and her mirrors and he walks to the bathroom and takes out his phone . He starts dialing the number , but the number is disconnected for some reason . `` I 'm sorry , I 'm
restaurant staff taking a break near the entrance to the airport . He said there were more than 60 people on board . `` We had a small number of people on board , '' he said .
a craft supply room with craft supplies and a craft supply base . The game includes a 3D map and 2D game mode . You can choose from a variety of different objects and enemies from a variety of vehicles
a man with a colored umbrella sits on the edge of a small park where he works . He has a blue beard and a pair of bright green glasses . He wears a short , black-and-gold shirt with pink
many sheep grazing in a large , green pasture . The site is in the middle of a grassland area that has been grazed for centuries . The livestock are not allowed to graze on the land because the
a black trash bag in a restroom next to the `` Black Lives Matter '' rally . `` It 's just a normal business , '' said one protester . `` It 's just a normal community . And we do n't care
a young man standing next to a race car in the street near the St. Peter 's Hospital , where he was undergoing a serious heart attack . `` It was very scary , I 'm not sure how he survived
a guy sitting on his motorcycle while a man in a black van in a police van stood on his porch and said that the police had `` no idea what went on '' in that vehicle . The officer , who
several men having a conversation at a nearby bar . The men were apparently discussing a `` conversation '' which involved some sort of physical altercation , and the incident escalated into a fight between the three men . The altercation
a fighter jet flying through the sky with its crew of two . The aircraft flew through the skies of the Philippines , but was stopped by military and police forces . The military plane had been on standby for
a man plays the violin in a home that he built in the 1970s . His home is near the University of North Carolina , where he works as an electrician . The home 's name is `` Burglary
a man in a jacket and hat looks like he 's going to die . If you 're looking for other examples , check out the rest of the article . In this post ( and in the next few posts ,
several toy animals - a bull , a bullock , and a giraffe - and it can have any number of different breeds , and it has the potential to become a great pet for anyone. < |endoftext| > A few days
a man is riding a tractor following some of his friends . A man riding a tractor with a tractor on Route 1 in San Francisco , Calif. , Sunday , July 22 , 2017 . It 's on a busy stretch
a door for exiting and entering the house . The door was locked by a door handle in the living room and the door handle was broken . A person had been shot , possibly by a suspect , but no one was injured
two young men walking down a runway toward the runway at the airport on Oct. 16 , 2005 . The two men , who were reportedly flying from Chicago to Los Angeles , were also accused of being involved in a
a sculpture of a hot rod sitting on a chair . Dramatic work by artist Daniel Peebles . Dramatic work by artist Daniel Peebles . Dramatic work by
an adorable caleco cat sitting underneath a desk . She is a beautiful , sweet , cute cat who loves to be left alone . That 's why she chose the name `` Caleco '' . Cal
an adorable cat attempts to hide in a box of cookies and then snatches a bite out of her mouth , as shown in this clip . The cat is seen enjoying a cup of tea with her friends .
a person performs a stunt jump on a boat , or in a boat that is not a boat . The purpose of this section is to provide a means for making sense of the laws and regulations governing the use of
the bike shop employee is helping a customer at a nearby store . `` He 's not giving any sort of reason , he just wants to get a picture of it , '' said Jodie , who says she 's
a very big teddy bear is next to the one in the picture , but it probably does n't feel like it . So , this is kind of a weird idea , but it 's good . I 'd be
many sheep graze in a grassy lot near a large tree , which is covered with a tree branch . A few of these sheep have been used as shelters , but some are even used for hunting . The sheep are
a bathroom with a double sink and mirrors . The interior is designed to look like a typical room with a few tables and chairs , but with a little extra space to get into . The bathroom was a little disappointing because the
a bmw motor cycle parked next to the bus . The bus driver was arrested and booked for making a false statement . He was remanded in custody and is expected to appear in court on October
a group of people with a bunch of guns who are trying to murder somebody and they 're saying , 'You know , it 's not our fault . We just got a bunch of people that are trying to do that . '
a brick fireplace with fire adorned with knickknacks , a few pieces of clothing and a wooden chair . `` You 're a good boy , I can tell you , '' she told him . And he
a small car parked in by a vignette . I 'm sitting in the back with a friend . As we 're talking , an unseen figure appears to us . A voice , speaking with the same voice , whispers to
a man sis on a public area , who was a member of the same party in a previous election . `` The police were involved in the arrest of a woman from the same party and she was arrested a
an older woman in a flower dress takes a picture of herself . She is also shown wearing a red and white striped shirt , a black polo shirt , a black blazer and a white t-shirt .
a photograph taken from an airplane window while in a remote field in Indonesia . The photo was taken at about 1:30 a.m. on August 2nd . The photograph was taken in Jammu and Kashmir
assorted items on a counter top in the store . To use , simply type the name of the item you want to use , e.g . `` item.pizza_pizza '' . To
a man and a boy are talking about the 'dwarf dream , ' '' he said . `` It 's like talking about a black bear . And I 'm not sure it 's because they hate bears . You know , I
a group of people are in a line to get a piece of you . That guy is trying to do something about your anger . He 's trying to get your attention . He 's trying to get your attention . You 're
a bathroom with a walk-in closet . `` It 's been a tough time for us all . We 've been trying to figure out where we 're going to go and make it through the day , '' she said
a white and beige tiled bathroom . `` She was beautiful , '' said Mr. Wigglesworth , the director of the law firm of Mr. Fritsch and Dr. St. John. ``
several people riding on the back of the bike . There were no casualties , but some police officers were injured when they encountered the group of about half-dozen people on the rear of the truck .
a tiled bathroom with a sink and some trash . The house was in need of repairs . A month or so later , a woman came to call home and called the police . She was scared , and
a dog sits in the front seat of his car in the parking lot of a parking lot at the intersection of South Broadway and 7th Ave. , in Los Angeles , California , U.S. on July 24 , 2015
a clean kitchen with the windows white and glass , a lighted kitchen , a kitchen sink and a toilet . The house was set on a dirt road , with a few houses left . Several houses that had been
man in air on skateboard at night ? It was actually very cool . A : We were all very excited to be a part of this show on the show and the other guys were really excited when the show
a man sitting on a stone block talking about the importance of the 'punch line ' to the local community . `` He said : 'If you do n't like my idea , you can go home . Do
a model posing next to a motorbike . The group of friends said they had been on a tour of the city when they were hit by a car , which was driven by a man wearing blue shorts and a
a yellow stripped cat sitting in a bathroom stall . In an interview with The Globe and Mail , a man who works in a hotel on the Isle of Man said that he was stunned when he discovered the cat was
a person in a helmet standing by their car , or a person who is in a vehicle with a driver 's license . ( b ) A person who is driving a motor vehicle at night , or a person who
a cafeteria type kitchen that is not in the same way as its parent restaurant . As we said , this is a great opportunity to create a new , more sustainable , and more sustainable way of living in our city
some toy animals on the ground near a home where the children were being cared for in the area . They also said they had heard people in the area saying they had been targeted . The children said they had been
a young woman standing next to a dirt road in the park , on a road that has become a regular spot on the city 's bike path . `` It 's kind of like a crossroads , '' said Tanya
a young man jumping up into the air , and in the process he was caught on camera in this very scene . The original idea for this scene came from our local newspaper , which reported that the scene was ``
a work area room that is very very good for this kind of work . `` It 's important that you have a good foundation , a good foundation in the workplace . '' The company is hoping the work environment
a group of men riding elephants down a ravine in the city of Laghman , southern Ireland , as part of a protest against the government 's plans to close down a wildlife park . The protest was organised
a black motorcycle parked in front of trees at the intersection of University and State streets . The police said the man was a member of the group known as the `` Black Knights . '' The group is based in the Black
an urban intersection with stoplights on a road , one of the most dangerous intersections in North America . The crash occurred between 9:10 p.m. on July 11 and 9:15 p.m. on July
a man on a bike in a street corner in the French Riviera . Two hours later , he was on a motorcycle with two other men when he was shot in the leg . He was rushed to Sainte-
a motorcycle that is parked on the side of a road . This is not to say that the police will not be following up on their inquiries . In fact , the police have already told us that they have already
people in a city cross in front of you and you start to look for someone to help you . `` You start looking for people who are trying to help you and you find someone who 's doing that , and
a biplane performing tricks in the sky . The next day , the next day , the next day . It was a big day . As soon as the sky went dark , we were in the cockpit
a man walks down the strip as it 's being sold at a local supermarket in London . The man , 47 , who has not been named , said : ' I was doing a shopping trip to London when I
a man relaxing at home , watching television without her husband . In the bedroom , her son was watching his TV . He was not wearing the underwear of his father . He was wearing the underwear of his mother .
children 's toy animals are strewn across the floor . `` I want to know what 's going on with them that they 're eating , '' said Dr. Michael E. Anderson , the pediatrician who specializes in pediatric
a glass bowl filled with oranges on a hot day . As I approached the sink , I noticed that the oranges were falling out . I pulled my hand away and started moving my foot to get the oranges down .
a yellow dune buggy on display amongst the dunes . The buggy is a yellow dune buggy , seen here in the wild . The buggy is a yellow dune buggy in the wild .
a motorcyclist stands next to a truck parked in front of a bus stop at Parma Road and Nady Road in Dublin , northern Ireland on Monday , December 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
a motorcycle is parked on a cobblestone road near a police station in the northern city of Nablus on September 20 , 2016 . REUTERS/Stringer He was detained by police after he told them he
a toilet seat is left open inside of the room , and if the user ca n't open the toilet seat at all , they can just leave it open from there . This allows the user to clean the toilet seat in an
a doorway looking into a demolished bathroom . The man who was killed by his neighbor has been identified as 23-year-old Anthony `` Mr. T '' Smith . Smith was shot and killed by
a cat is falling asleep on top of a large tree . He has a very cute face and looks like he would be happy to have a kid with no-one around . He will never have a problem with a cat
a computer desk with a triple monitor computer . There are many other examples of these items in other places , such as in the computer center . The computer center and computer tower are two different things .
a red , white , and blue plane . The black , white , and blue plane also have different colors , and this means that the colors are different in appearance . The green , blue , and green
people riding on top of elephants that are in the process of being killed by wildlife traffickers . She is one of the only people to have been killed by a motor vehicle in the last three months and she said her
there is a jar filled with an unknown quantity of the drug in the center of the jar ; the water is dripping down to the bottom of the jar and is dripping down to the bottom of the jar 's bottom , which
a young attractive woman sitting on a toilet , and she looked at me and said , ' I 'll have a drink , I 'll have a drink for you , you 're going to come with me . ' I went back to
six people , adults and children , wearing red and white `` Shit and Rockets '' signs from the arena , were being treated for injuries sustained during the fight . According to a statement from police , two suspects were
a women is taking a picture of herself . She 's taking a picture of herself . There , in a scene that 's been all over the Internet , comes this weird , strange , weird , weird , weird ,
a woman is taking a picture of herself holding a toy gun as she walks by in a supermarket in the village of Lodi . Credit : Rohan Bajwa/AFP/Getty Images An armed security force
dirt bikers racing around a corner , their hands on their hips . `` You 're going to have to use your skills to beat the other guy , '' he says , as he goes to work .
a young woman using a laptop computer while she was at school . `` A teenage girl was found with a gunshot wound to her chest and her brother was also shot in the leg , '' the report said .
a toilet in a stall with remote control . A few seconds later , a male employee of the same company got up and started handing out plastic cups of water to the employees . `` I 've seen them all on
a broken down car being investigated by a police officer in the area . An image tweeted by @ NashvillePolice shows a red-faced man with a black mustache and black pants who has a gun .
pedestrians are strolling along a street in the middle of the street in this one-story building that 's just a bit smaller than a house . `` This neighborhood is a new start , '' says one passer
this is a parking garage with several signs with the phrase , `` Honeymoon to the Future . '' That 's where I first went to get my car to get me to the office . I had always been a
someone jumping up to get a frisbee , or jumping off a bridge , or flying into a hurricane , or anything like that . It is impossible to understand , since the `` wink '' you say after the point
skateboarder does airborne trick in the middle of the night . The following video shows the stunt that took place in the middle of the night with a parachute attached . I 'm not sure if this
several custom made motorcycles on display while the company was on the road in the United States . One of these custom made motorcycles , a `` Honda XZ '' is based on a Honda CBR1000M
a skateboarder is riding his skateboard for the first time since he was three years old . He said that when he was born , he had to work so hard that he was unable to get to school . He
white and yellow propeller stunt plane trailing the aircraft . The plane made its debut in May 2015 and the first of three prototype aircraft to make their way to the US . A second , smaller version of
a black cat with white stomach takes a long time to grow back , '' said Dr. Richard J. Dominguez , executive director of the National Center for Animal Welfare . `` It is difficult . '' The black cat
a jar of homemade sangria sitting on his desk . ) `` You 're an idiot . I 'll fix it . '' `` And you 're not going to give this to me ? '' he said , not caring that
a man on a bicycle stands in flooding in New York City on February 16 , 2014 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By the time the floodwaters flooded , the city had only about 5,000 residents
an overhead view of a landscape from a vantage point in the middle of the room , above . The walls are painted in a more natural , natural look , with a hint of the old-growth forest . The room has
a gang of bikers sitting on top of their car , in the backseat . The kids were in their vehicle trying to figure out what they did . They had a bunch of money and they were trying to figure out
an old victorian style bed frame in this light grey , black and white . In the center of the frame there is a circular piece of paper that holds a photograph of a man , an animal , or some other object
a flock of sheep spread out in the open air , this was my first exposure to the animals . I had no idea what to expect of these animals . I also knew that the animals were not human .
two computers sitting on top of a desk , each holding a laptop and a small tablet , and so on . In the past , when all computers were connected , only one computer was connected to the Internet . But
a group of children and adults are skiing . The sport has been growing in popularity in the United States , with the annual average ski rate of 2.5 percent in the past 10 to 15 years . The sport
a woman is taking a picture of herself with her boyfriend . `` It 's not really fair for me to be accused of rape , '' said a man , who asked not to be identified because of concerns that he might
motor bike racers race each other in order to get the best possible bike in the racetrack . Most of them are pretty much just going for the best possible bike , and some are racing to win the race
a young child stands in the kitchen with his hands folded . `` How much do you want to make ? '' `` I want to make a whole lot of money ! '' `` I 'm not the only one making
a man in shorts sits on his bike and takes a few steps as he walks . He 's wearing a headscarf , a hoodie , and a pair of jeans . He 's not much of a walking legend ,
a figher jet creating condensation flying through the air , creating a great and beautiful color . The color was then used to create the new color of the red and the green . This new color is very similar to the
a plane flies through the sky at an altitude of about 1,000 feet . It is a short flight but it would have been the last flight of a manned aircraft to approach Earth 's surface . It was also the last
a woman kisses a man as they sit next to each other in the dining hall , then walks up to his car . The man , dressed in a white T-shirt and jeans , is dressed in white shorts and black
three motorcyclists and their bikes stand in front of the road , the same way that they stand during a car accident . The police have also arrested three men who were allegedly part of a group that stole from
a man and a woman cook in the same building in the same neighborhood . The same woman says they were both in the same building at the same time and were together at the same time during the incident . She
a black motorcycle in front of some shrubs in the middle of the city , with the police car flashing red . It 's the last time I saw them before the police arrived . They left without warning . But
a living room , with fireplace , television and bookshelf . As the house was being sold , he asked for a few things . He wanted the furniture to be as clean as possible , the kitchen to be
a man herds cows down a road . Then he comes and gets a big ol ' man , a man with a big ol ' beard . The man is all white and the beard is brown . And the man has a
a plane is shown taking off from an airbase over the Persian Gulf , in this file photo taken April 19 , 2014 . REUTERS/Yusuf Kammerer/Files The US-led coalition has conducted
a commercial kitchen with pots several pots on the floor and a large kitchenette with a kitchenette . The kitchenette was made from aluminum with a thick steel mesh , and was made of a stainless steel steel . The kitchen
a girl observes a life size toy kitchen sink on the floor of her room . `` My friend , she 's in the kitchen . '' Kelley 's reaction is to point out to her that this is
an industrial kitchen with white walls and stainless steel appliances . The house is built by the former owner , who sold the building to the town of Männer in 2015 . The landlord , who has
a team of chefs work together to prepare dishes for the foodie . `` The chefs are not just chefs , they are very creative and creative chefs . Their minds are very creative , and they are very creative .
a jar filled with liquid sits on a countertop . It 's not supposed to be a food . I was about to place a piece of the food in it when I noticed that the lid on the jar was
a picture taken from the driver seat of a Porsche . Image caption The car is believed to have been on the ground The driver of the car has been arrested , the French interior ministry said .
a black and white cat sits near a tree . After a few minutes , Kato is pulled out by a police officer . He tells her to stay indoors , but she refuses because she is afraid of the black
the exterior of an airport with some planes parked in the parking lot . The airport has a limited number of planes of the type that are required to fly there with the exception of the United Airlines Flight 447 . If you
a man sits in the drivers seat of a car while awaiting his court hearing . His wife says she has never seen a man with such a body condition . Photo : Michael Macor , San Francisco Chronicle An elderly
a group of people ski down the mountain , with the first of them jumping over a waterfall , and the second one jumping to the bottom . It 's not a big event , but it 's a big event .
a woman stands in front of the mirror , with a black eye . The sun rises , and everyone in the house looks at it . Her eyes are open , as a man puts an arm around her . He
a cow stands in the mud next to a cow . ( Photo : RICHARD VILLANO , AP ) NEW ORLEANS — Police are investigating the shooting death of a pregnant cow in a Louisiana
a cat looking inside of a door from the same house . `` The cat is going to be able to see her body and it will be able to see her . She 's going to be able to see her
a person in a kitchen looking at the floor and said , 'What is that ? ' And she said , 'Oh , that 's a very big one . ' '' The woman 's daughter , who declined to give her last
an overview picture of a street at night . The area around the bridge , where the bridge crosses the river , is lined with white , white and red flags ; the bridge crosses the river , as well as the river ,
dirt bike racers rounding a corner , but the rest of the team were too busy fighting off the pack . After the race , the team took the opportunity to ask the drivers for their opinion on how they
a man points at the wall in his car and asks , `` What if the wall was broken ? '' The other man says , `` We do n't have any money . '' The police are trying to understand what happened .
two women loading their bicycles onto a bus while they waited for an ambulance to arrive , according to the statement . The woman was transported to a hospital in Greenville where she was later pronounced dead . Anyone
several people around some motorcycles on the road . A few had been hit by the motorcycle , but they were mostly okay . `` I 'll be back in a minute , '' said one of them , `` but I
a customized motorcycle with a large rear and front tire . The bike has a carbon fiber body with a carbon fiber frame , front and rear wheels , and a carbon fiber front fork . The bike has a 2 wheel disc brakes
a man in a truck looks out his window and sees a massive black object in the distance . He turns around to see a group of people who appear to be looking at him . The crowd starts to look around him ,
directing signs in front of a parking garage . The group has called for new laws and training in policing . `` We have to have the right understanding of what 's going on and what 's going on , ''
a view of a bathroom that is clean and tidy in the morning . But the idea for a `` home for all '' is just as far-fetched as it sounds . A lot of homes in the United States
a series of motorbikes parked in the parking lot of the U.S. Mint in downtown Los Angeles in November 2013 , in a bid to sell the business . The idea was to sell the business to a new
a garbage bag in a white lighted room . The FBI will not identify the suspect . He is wanted in connection with the death of a man in his 20s in March in Austin .
mac computer , tablet , and iphone . The software is fairly open to the public , and will be available as a downloadable program for those who wish to use it . How will it work ?
a married couple preparing food in a house on the outskirts of Paris . The house was in the centre of a protest movement , which took place on Sunday . French police said in a statement that people had
individuals holding pastries or donuts , or even making a quick trip to the store . The only thing that I am really concerned about is how the store will do with the information we receive .
a man and woman leaning against a motorcycle and a woman sitting in the passenger seat . The man was a woman and was a man , and the woman was a woman . '' The woman , who was identified as 43
an old man playing violin in a kitchen . He was talking about his grandchildren 's old home in the north of France . He told the woman that the house was not a big house , but an old house .
an old man standing in a kitchen posing in his pajamas , was the first person to be convicted of any hate crime after he was convicted of killing a Jewish refugee in Germany . He is also the third
an automatic toilet bowl that can do many things and is also a great way to clean up dishes and other items . Bamboo pots can be made out of a bamboo or bamboo-like material and are sometimes used
a picture of a boat that looks like a car , and I was wondering if that had any impact on the way I looked at it . I 've never seen a picture of a boat that looks like a car
a cat laying down next to a bike . The first thing he thought of was a friend . `` I thought I was going to get him some water and go to the lake . But then my friend , who
a photo of a landscape from an airplane . The latest project is a project that was launched in August in the city of L'Aquila . The city was looking to build a new airport and a new hotel
two people in a shop looking at a fake gun . Another , a man in a gray sweatshirt , is carrying a fake gun and trying to steal his gun . He says he ca n't wait to see if
a long haired cat eating a dead duck . And if the animals were really human , then the birds would have all the food and the birds would have a pretty good chance of survival . The most convincing case
a picture of a plane in a runway . The Boeing 737-800 , as it turns out , is one of two jetliners that will be flying at the National Air and Space Museum 's `` Jet Museum ''
a close up of oranges and apples in front of him . He was surprised by the fact that he was looking up when he had heard the man 's voice again . `` Is this the same person ? '' he asked .
a person sitting on a stool on the floor . The other person takes a stool and begins to use it until they are completely alone . The person may then sit there , relax and enjoy the rest of the time , or
a cat sitting in a bathroom sink looking at her cat . `` I 'm going to have to go home , I 'm going to have to go to work . I 'm going to have to get out of here
a doorway leading into a delapitated forest . He was standing on a wall . He pulled out his revolver . He had a pistol . `` Who are you ? '' the man asked . `` I am
a painting on a door of a cat on a window pane . In his memoir , `` My Life : My Struggle with Being a Muslim , '' Salman Rushdie writes of how he felt when he first met the young
a desk with two monitors depicting security cameras and a dashboard . `` I 'm just a normal guy in business , '' he said . His last stop was his office in the 9th Ward , where he was looking at
an abandoned car and a cow on a field in West Virginia . He said that the driver of the car was able to remove the cow and the other two cows , but no one else . The car was reported
a european street scene with a long history of violence . The city itself has been on edge for a number of decades , with a number of riots and riots at the start of the decade . The situation now is
a bathroom with a toilet and a sink is the only way to get the women out . `` There 's no other way to get out of there , it 's a nightmare , '' she said . `` There 's no
a black and white cat looking out a window , the sun on his face , the wind blowing into the clouds , the wind pulling him back , the wind on his face . '' `` Yeah , and the weather . ''
sunrise on an airport tarmac with four more airplanes . The first thing she heard was a clatter . `` Oh , no ! I 'm sorry ! '' `` No , no ! ''
a picture of a white gas range with red or orange fuel lines to indicate it might be a target . The National Security Agency 's ( NSA ) program to gather data on hundreds of millions of Americans had been under
a street scene with several cars and a police presence , and a group of people walking in the opposite direction of the street . In the street , the police stopped the car and arrested a man with a black hood
a bus rides by a small car parked outside the station . The incident took place in the parking lot of a building on the corner of S. 10th and South Avenue . Police said one person was arrested . The victim
a boy sits on a bicycle in a park outside the city of St. Paul , Minn. in October 2014 . ( Paul D. Easley/AP ) The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday
a plane in the air with a trail of blood , the first of many in the area . The crash , which occurred in the morning , was the sixth in the country , and the fifth fatal in the country .
a person riding skis in the middle of a road . `` It 's very easy for us to get to a location and we do n't know where to go , so it 's easy to just get there without
a display of vintage animal toys on the roof of the museum . `` The idea of a museum is a very different thing than a museum , '' said David Sorenson , who started the program in 2009 and is
a white stove turned off with a digital camera . The stove turned off and the lights went out . The car doors opened , and the driver came out to find all the passengers in the car . `` We were
a busy city street with cars and a new car . But the city could not get its way . The city was moving forward with a plan to replace its road system with a pedestrian-friendly one .
two old photos with women in a kitchen and a bed . `` It was a very good night , '' she said . `` I 'd say it was a nice way to end the night and to be able
a couple of people that are in a relationship with me and have been together for a few years and they 're very close in some ways . They 've been very supportive . `` They 've said to me , '
a person that is sitting in a bed or in a chair , and that is the only person who has a right to a seat of some sort on the sofa or in a chair , or who is not sitting in a
closeup of a cat in a bathroom . The most common injuries are a cat 's head being crushed to the ground or being stuck in the toilet , and a cat 's neck being crushed to the floor . Some
a girl that is standing next to a statue of Jesus . She is dressed in a white coat and black pants . She is wearing red lipstick and white shoes . The woman is wearing a red-and-white
a large herd of sheep grazing in a pasture . The herd is large and its food is very difficult to obtain . The sheep are not quite as large as the sheep , so it is important to feed them in the form
a cat sitting on a street corner looking like an animal . But my friend has an idea to do something that would n't have been possible if the animal was real . The cat is a pet , and she is
a man holding a cabinet in a kitchen in the central district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in this March 17 , 2009 file photo . REUTERS/Narendra Modi India 's new prime minister ,
a train traveling on a track through a forest , using a pair of large , wooden stools to carry it and his companion , a group of young women with their headscarves and makeup . `` I 'm
a close up of a bike brake on the left . This is a bike that will not be in the shop for a while . We do n't want to do it . We want to make the bike and send
a male getting an object out of a woman 's vagina by kissing her . The woman was apparently not aware of the incident and was not a part of the group , it has been reported . The incident
a smiling woman at work with a lifejackets and a black and white striped top , a black hat and black sunglasses , and an outfit that was designed to look like a woman 's hair . I was a child when
a picturesque park with benches and big oak trees . It 's a bit of a shame it was n't included in the original . The original was a really nice place to go for a walk or a stroll .
people walking toward an airplane to board it , and he had to walk around the airplane , you know . And I do n't remember the time he did it . He had to walk around the airplane , you know . And
a group of people riding mopeds . This is why I 've decided to make this video of the group of people riding mopeds . The group of people riding mopeds is the `` craz
an associate holding a big teddy bear . He 's talking about the fact that this was a `` huge deal , '' that the `` dinosaur '' was actually not a human . And he 's talking about how the
the right wing of an airplane as it lands , '' said Michael Schmitz , a professor of history at the University of Virginia , who has written extensively about the controversy . `` With the right wing , the left
a man jumping in the air and catching him , but they could not capture him , even if he was the sole witness and an eyewitness . One of the most terrifying incidents in the history of the US military in
a motorcycle sitting on display on a driveway in the early morning hours of June 17 , 1984 , in Detroit . The owner was a retired police officer who had been hired as a police officer for the Detroit Police Department in the
a busy street intersection illuminated by streetlights , and an adjacent area of the city 's busy streetlight system for a variety of reasons : 1 . The road is generally a short distance from the intersection .
there is a train traveling through a wooded area of the city that has been cut off from the traffic on the road , and I saw one of the train cars driving up , and I could see the bridge that leads
a woman holding a red umbrella traveling down the street in the U.S. Virgin Islands , a man holding a white flag that reads `` We 're not racists . '' More than 1,000 people have been killed
a statue of two women with purses . He said : `` We have been waiting for this moment for quite some time . `` We need all of you . We need you to help us and keep
a bus , riksha , in the name of Shiva , the god of wisdom . The first of these days , the world is facing a transition from the Hinduism of the past and the cosm
a ski resort that has a couple people sleeping in the guest room . `` They 're both on the roof . They 're sleeping on the roof . It 's very cold . The house is very cold . I don
a cat sitting in front of a window . She says : `` I was really taken aback how much people had to fear when they saw it . `` It was just a big surprise . '' The
an airplane tarmac with planes and trucks carrying passengers . When the plane is stopped , a police officer tells passengers that they have to leave the aircraft . They are told that they can return to the airport . After a few
a fancy bathroom with double mirrors and sinks . The rest of the house was covered in graffiti , especially on the roof . The front door was covered in graffiti . The house appeared to be burglarized
a stripped cat sitting near a brick wall in a restaurant in Parma . A man was killed and another man injured at a busy intersection in Parma , police said . A man was killed and another
a city street with multiple bildings and dozens of taxis . He said he was driving with a friend when he saw a bus stop at the intersection of two busy streets . He tried to stop it but it
a yellow rose in a clear vase and a white flower in a pot on which a white-leaf bouquet was placed . The garden of the family was in the same kind of condition as that of the
several people holding pastries in front of the house . The man , who worked as a waiter at the pub , said he asked the man to take his hands off his hips and use his hands to pull down his
a woman uses a paintbrush on a fire . Diana , who is from Canada , lives in the United States and has worked for a group called Black Youth Project . She says she got her start out as
a dirty toilet in a small cramped space in the middle of an apartment building . He had spent the past three years living in the apartment , where he was the only person he knew who shared his apartment with a
a toddler celebrates his birthday with a cup of tea as he reads his book The Long Goodbye from Glenmorangie to Prince Harry in London Getty Images 13/42 A new look at the Queen 's new dress for the
one white motorcycle and one green motorcycle parked on a street corner in the middle of a busy intersection . `` I looked out the window at them and I saw a giant black motorcycle with a big orange tail and a
traffic in new york city during a three-hour traffic stop in August 2014 . In an interview with local radio station CTV , a car pulled over for speeding , but the driver said he was trying
a skateboarder jumping over the set of A Game of Thrones , and he has yet to comment on the possibility of a relationship . `` I 've had a few relationships , but nothing has happened until now , ''
a young girl sits in the bottom bunk , staring at a wall of books , holding a book of poems . She looks at the door with an expression of disbelief . I ca n't believe this is all happening .
a toilet with some kind of remote control , you can do the same thing with the other devices you use for your life , and it works the same for the same reason . As long as you are still
a stove with the clock set at 11:00 a.m. and in the back of the room , which is where the fridge is located , is a fairly large , black plastic box . In a different room at
vehicles traveling on a very busy street , and there is no way to prevent them . But if they continue to drive on that road , they may be struck by a tractor , a truck , or a van . They
a street camera showing an empty street in front of the school . `` The police said they are looking into it , '' says one witness . `` It 's a small and quiet street . '' A number of residents
1 military jet fighter flying in formation alongside the aircraft carrier HMAS New Zealand and the rest of the Royal New Zealand Airforce . `` We do n't know when the pilot will be out on patrol , '' he added
a bathroom with a vanity , toilet and toilet seat . She 's a `` young , white , single woman '' who 's wanted for murder for a number of years . Her ex-husband has been charged with murdering
a toilet with buttons or a remote control . `` We 're looking at that for a long time , '' he said . But the company says it 's working on a pilot program that could see it fly by
fruit and vegetables are hanging in a metal bowl with a plastic lid . The lid lets the container dry and set . Once the container is set , the lid is removed from the container and the contents are placed on a paper
a woman in a yellow bathroom is holding the hand of a man in a blue bathroom . The incident has been captured on video . The couple 's daughter , Kye , was holding her hand and said
the city streets are dark and deserted at night , and there 's little light in the streets . So it 's a safe place to be , because there 's always some light in the city , although it 's not as comfortable
a glass bowl has oranges and apples in a jar and in the back of the bag is a box of dried fruit . The box is then wrapped with a small sheet of paper and a piece of paper which is folded over
there are two yellow flowers inside a vase ) : the ones that are the oldest and the ones that are the oldest . There are four small green flowers growing in the middle of the tree : the ones that are
a giraffe and a zebra checking out a lake in the central valley of the Kurukshetra region of Kerala . The zoo 's collection of giraffes and elephants are located in the zoo 's collection ,
a double sinked bathroom has circular twining and a small tub with a pool on the bottom . A woman in a long dress , whose face is covered with a tattered tarp , is standing in a
a cat in a field looking inside a field . This could be a very bad example of a `` bad joke '' . The first thing to learn about the way a comic book works is that it is just a comic
a woman in the kitchen opening her oven and opening the oven door . She was not wearing a bra , but she had a bra on . As I entered the kitchen , I saw her wearing a bra on .
spacious white kitchen with brown cabinetry . Our guests are all over the place to find a place to eat , and this place is great for that . Dinner is at 10pm , and I
three hanging baskets all with fruit and vegetables scattered around . The city has also been blessed with some of the world 's most beautiful gardens , and the city council has been able to help preserve these trees for generations .
a person is doing a skateboarding trick in the front of the store 's parking lot . A person who has been suspended for not paying his parking ticket may be released under the terms of the suspension . If the
oranges in a basket , a pillow , a teddy bear , a pair of scissors , a pair of scissors , a pencil , a paper bag , a pencil , a pen , a pencil , a pencil ,
a person skiing down a snowy city street , a man trying to escape the darkness , A man trying to escape the darkness , A man attempting to escape the darkness , A man trying to escape
a man wearing a blue bow tie and a white scarf and holding a sign that reads , `` We are a non-partisan group . We are all Americans . '' Sanders is the only Democrat in the race who has
a young woman is carrying a red umbrella . `` She was crying for help . She said she needed to go back to work , '' said one resident . Police are investigating whether the woman was attacked .
a child standing in front of a toy truck . `` I 'm proud of where I am . It was a fun time , '' he said . The man is being held in the Woodland County Jail without
a man sitting on a concrete pedestal in a city park . His face looks back , and he is still smiling . When he looks back , she sees that he is smiling too . `` I know
the kitchen has many grill with pots hanging close to the kitchen counter . 2 . The kitchen wall is lined with wood . 3 . The kitchen wall is lined with metal . 4 . The kitchen
a kitchen table with vegetables and food processor . The cooking time is about 6 minutes , and it is completely controlled . If you are not using a microwave , you can use a pre-cooked meal .
i see part of an airplane flying in a line that is more than a mile long and as close to the horizon as possible . If you 're planning on flying a jet , you want to make sure that there
one cat is looking out a window and sees her . The cat sees her and says , `` What are you doing here ? '' `` I 'm looking for her , '' says the cat . It says , `` I 'm
an airport and parking lot scene shows the scene of an explosion on April 11 , 2017 in the city of Al-Quds . ( Ahmad Al-Darr ) ( Ahmad Al-Darr )
a cat is resting underneath a bicycle wheel . `` It 's not a normal dog . The cat is resting underneath a bicycle wheel . It 's a normal human being . So you feel comfortable around it , '' she said
a dog is sitting inside a red car , and I am wondering if it is a black dog . '' She said she was surprised by the man 's reaction to the dog 's presence . `` It was pretty
a cat on a red sheet is right on the top of this page . It 's a large , brown , black , or black cat . This cat is known as a black wolf . This cat 's
a little kitten is stuffed into a woman 's vagina . The girl was discovered at the home of her mother in the early morning , an hour before she was supposed to go to school . An eyewitness said that the
a woman sitting on a bucket on the ground and then the male of the two men in front of her and the woman on top of him . The female in front of him is also holding the male of the two men
a large group of sheep are grazing in the valley near the village of Nakhon village , near Kailash , on April 15 , 2015 . The group of sheep was recently captured by the Indian Army and
a red truck has a black dog in the middle of the road . The driver of the truck , a white pickup truck , came across the car at about 5:40 a.m. Thursday and asked to
parked motorcycle sitting in a driveway on the South Side of Chicago . The man was arrested and charged with aggravated assault for allegedly hitting a man with a motorcycle during a traffic stop in the 17600 block of South
oranges are in a basket on a table . The red liquid is in the center , and the green liquid is the bottom . The orange liquid is in the center , and the blue liquid is the bottom .
a plane taking in the view of a helicopter . The helicopter was about to take off from a runway at about 3:30 p.m. when it became airborne . The incident occurred at a low altitude ( around 3
people making their way towards a passenger plane . In the end , the passengers were not harmed . `` I 'm not sure the people who came to this town to fight terrorism have a right to protest , and the
the bathroom has a wall sink , medicine cabinets , and a chair to sit on . The bathrooms are designed to be used only by the women who do the laundry , the men who wash the dishes , and the women who
a silver sport tourer bmw.com http : //www.facebook.com/groups/26161828785928/ http : //www.youtube.com/user/Bm
a bicycle is chained up to a pole , and an old man is holding a knife . He is holding his hand in front of his head , and he is pointing his finger at the ground . The man in the old
light from an open door shines on a balcony overlooking the river . `` I was on my way to the river today , so I was going to jump into the river , but I was afraid to jump , so
a door is open to a white bathroom , but the bathroom door is not . The door is open to an African-American woman . The door is open to a white bathroom , but the bathroom door is not
cars stopped on a busy street while pedestrians were crossing . Two people were arrested for failing to obey the speed limit after speeding in the street . The police said they were called to the intersection of East Broad
a dog with goggles is in a motorcycle accident . The video shows a pedestrian being dragged by several cars and thrown from a moving bike on a sidewalk . A man is seen in the video jumping from a parked car
a cow standing by a damaged car in the morning . He said the car was not being driven by a person . Killing of a cow was one of the biggest crimes in the country . The cow had been
a motorcycle with no rider is parked by a motorcyclist on a sidewalk or sidewalk , or is parked on a ramp , sidewalk , or sidewalk , for a specific purpose , or for any other purpose in which the vehicle
a cat looking inside of a barn door . The last four of the five people he met are from the United States , and all of them are now living there . It was in this home that Gwyneth
a woman in a purple top pulling food out of her mouth , with her mouth being wrapped around the back of the head , and her head being wrapped around the back of the head The girl was still there ,
a dog sitting in the front seat of a car , and on top of it was a pile of bones . A few minutes later , on a rainy evening , his body was found inside the vehicle . The dog
an airplane is taking off at an airport in Singapore , a Boeing 737-800 that is seen showing flight paths of its owner , flight MH370 , at a checkpoint at the southern end of the route between Malaysia and Beijing
a hanging sorter with fruits and vegetables on it . They also use the same name for the same things . The next day , she was invited to attend the opening of the second annual Jamealinda festival
a laptop computer and a desktop computer on the same computer . The computer can not have a power supply or a power supply cable . The computer can not be connected to a network . The computer can not
a man is walking down the street in the city of Hainan , China , on Sunday . A man was caught on camera walking through the streets in China 's Hainan province , and police believe he may have
a woman holding a sheep by its front , and the rest of the animals are left as the wolves go . The next day the children are given a large basket of meat and some of the animals are given a
a man flying a kite in a nearby parking lot . An ambulance was called . The driver was released from the hospital after a 10-minute wait . Authorities say the man was not wearing a seatbelt ,
a woman is sitting on a stool on a bed . She 's just trying to get her head in the right place . But what if I told her , `` I do n't know what to do . ''
a toilet is equipped with some buttons on the sides so you can easily insert your device into an airlock without having to wait for it to open . You 'll also find a small USB port in the bottom of
a dog in helmet and sunglasses in a parking lot on April 14 , 2017 in Baltimore , Maryland . ( Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images ) Baltimore Police Officer John M. Brantley was suspended from the
a house boat along the water has bicycles and a boat trailer . `` We had a boat trailer with a trailer that was loaded with a load of equipment , '' said Mr Baker . `` We had a trailer that was
someone cooking drugs in a spoon over a sink . I 'm not sure if it 's not funny , but it 's a bit of a stretch to say that these are people who have been living in this country for
an intersection with a red traffic light and you 're on the wrong side of the intersection . If you want to get some traffic , go right , but if you want to get more traffic , go left . So
passengers walking toward a small propeller-driven motorized vehicle , the car is now surrounded by a large number of cars , all of which are making a slow , deliberate , and deliberate stop at the back of the
two women riding a motorcycle at night holding up signs that read , `` Ride on , ride out . '' `` And of course there was the one man who was actually going to take me out , and I was
light shining onto the pews of a hospital 's hospital , and a small , yellow-haired woman in a blue dress , who looked like a nun , and who spoke in an almost reverent voice , and who was
four giraffes in the wild eating a few of the same animals , the animals that we eat have no genetic connection to us . '' These animals are called `` giraffes , '' but they are not related
two bathroom sinks mounted beneath two matching mirrors with an air of mystery , for only an hour until the three-person jury could finally decide whether the woman was actually dead . The jury never heard the truth about the
a church has pews with the sun and the moon . In the old days , the people would pray to the God of their parents and guardians , and to the God of their family . In the new days , the
a man looks after a sheep on his property after a sheep was killed by a dog in the town of Laxmi in the state of Maharashtra on June 10 , 2017 . Picture taken June 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/
a giraffe and a zebra are also used by the zoo . The zoo has also had a reputation for poor hygiene . The elephants are treated more harshly than elephants of similar age with no signs of ill effects
a bedroom with bunk beds and the bathroom in the living room . He also had a bedroom with a shower and a closet for his own room . The housekeeper told officers that a man told her to get out
a statue of two people sitting on a chair in front of a statue of a child standing on a chair . The statue , which was created in 1878 , was erected on a hill near the city of T
buses and motorcycles driving down a city street , he says . `` A few of them are going to have their hands down the steering wheel , '' he says . `` They do n't have to worry about the brakes
a mac computer monitor on a desk which had been used to monitor the computer . `` I think I have a little bit of a case to go on , '' she said . `` I 'm thinking this is
a large airplane is on the airport runway . The plane is at an altitude of about 30 miles . An emergency landing plane is also at the airport . The aircraft is on its way back to the airport . The aircraft was
a cat is at an opening between two points in the game . The second point is at the point where the cat jumps up and attacks the player . If you 're really lucky , you might see a cat at that point
a woman is at her oven in a small restaurant in the city of Kishin . At an average of 1,200 calories per day , she is eating about 7,000 calories a day . The number
a parked motorcycle with a red enclosed side face has been vandalized . HARRISBURG — A car carrying a woman was struck by a stolen vehicle Saturday morning at a stoplight in Harrisburg , police
a yellow and blue train is next to the other train from the other train , it is actually a white train . The blue train was the only one to have a white train . It is not clear how the
an aerial view of the ground from an airbase in the northern part of the city of Al-Quds . On Thursday , Iran said it would not allow U.S.-led airstrikes on its country 's
a glass bowl full of oranges and apples . I take a sip of a glass of wine , then walk away . I 've been waiting for this moment for a long time . This has been my only
a car that has been converted into a vehicle . This is a very important step in that direction . So how does this work ? There are three main stages to this process . A . The
a young man riding a skateboard on the way to school in the back seat of a vehicle pulled over and asked me if I had any tattoos . I said yes . The police officer said he could go to
a stoic looking cat sits in a corner of the room . `` I know I 'm not the only one here , '' she says quietly , `` but it 's been a good week and I 'm gon na be fine . ''
three workers at a restaurant visiting with each other were killed . The victims were working in an area that was being used by the military for military operations . `` These are grave human rights violations , '' said the director of
a man sitting on a concrete post , trying to get his dog , not a dog . That 's why I 'm here . I ca n't wait to get my dog . I 've seen you . I 've seen
several park benches lined up under a green light . The first of the three steps to the second floor is the second floor , where a sign with a red outline indicates that the first floor is open and where
a clean steel industrial kitchen with minimal lighting . No electricity , no gas . 4 . A single-family home in the neighborhood of the University of Michigan . 5 . A single-family home in the
a young boy with a spoon looking at the glass of water on the shelf . The boy was so upset , he asked the boy , `` where are you going ? '' `` I am back . I am going to
a giraffe and a zebra walking together in the same forest . We then ran along the riverbank and used the same method as for the previous picture , and as we reached the forest , we also ran along the
a multi-colored cat peers from a tree and starts breeding . After three or four generations , the cat 's parents are moved . The Cat is a unique breed . It 's very unique in that it 's so
a captioned image of a small cat and cat in a hospital bed . The two men , who were all wearing trainers , were not arrested . The investigation is ongoing . Image copyright AFP Image
a desktop with two computers and fruit on the table at the same time . He also gave his usual look , but kept his smile intact . `` I 'm happy . All of the guys are happy . ''
a beautiful yellow rose is seen in a small garden of trees in the village of Leng . It is a great variety of flowers , ranging from the small and sweet to the rich and wild . On the other hand ,
a woman taking a picture of herself in a wheelchair with her family in the middle of the night . The man in the picture was driving the victim 's car , but was apparently not in good physical condition . It
a vintage photo of a bike eith the famous `` Ride the Line '' on the side of a road . It was the only time I 'd seen the phrase used on a bike and I was immediately intrigued .
the person skis through the snow covered mountain range and finds himself facing the cold and snowy terrain that is the main attraction . After spending the day in the woods with his wife and daughters , he finds that the
the bathroom door is open with the light coming from inside the room . The door opens and the light is visible . Then we see a guy standing next to us . He looks like he 's running , but he 's wearing
a giant airplane sitting on the tarmac of an apartment building in New York City , is pictured in this undated photo . Image by Andrew Burton/Getty Images A passenger walks through a window in a rented apartment
church doors open and lights peers through on the window . The man 's face is covered with blood . `` I 'm a little bit scared , I 'm scared , '' he said . `` I 'm scared of death .
vehicles at a car show are shown at the U.S. Embassy in Rome , Italy , September 19 , 2012 . REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz The United States has said the use of ballistic missiles
a man takes a photo of himself wearing a helmet that is used to cover his head . The man who said he was from the North Caucasus says he had a family in Azerbaijan during the time he was in the
a man in a uniform standing on a street corner . A police officer pulls up next to him . The man is holding a plastic baseball bat and yelling at officers . `` You 're a cop , you
a giraffe looks down at a zebra . ( Photo : Google Street View ) The giraffe is the latest animal in a growing trend to have an animal that is often found wandering off at night , and
a oneworld passenger plane taking off from Amsterdam International Airport . The plane , which was carrying about 100 passengers , was flying to Frankfurt by air from Amsterdam International Airport when the pilot was pulled over by police .
a metal statue of two women sitting on a bench . The statue is surrounded by black and white walls and is surrounded by the red and green lights of the city of Tokyo , with lights that can be seen from the outside
two people riding on a moped with the driver 's side door locked on the side , '' said Deputy Transportation Board Chairman Tim D'Amico . The crash occurred at about 1 p.m. Saturday , D
a cat is laying on a small piece of wood . The cat sits on the small piece of wood and waits patiently . It 's not quite asleep yet ; it sleeps for 24 hours . The cat is almost asleep
four giraffes in a grassy field around the town . `` I 've been there , I 've seen them , I 've been there — I 've seen them before , and I 've seen them in a
there is a man is skiing down a hill and all he can do is cry and give a thumbs up and then he turns around and is standing there by the river to give a thumbs up . So he can get out
a man with a bow tie sits in his car with his wife , a young man , and his two children , who are all waiting for their father at the roadside . The family is waiting , so he goes to their
there is a dog sitting on the cart when I walk by . '' ) `` I was in love with this place , '' he says . `` It 's a great place . It 's a beautiful place . '' He 's
a group of scooters rides down a hill to get to the site of a fire . The site is just past the fire line and the fire chief is on the phone with his crew . The fire was the second such
two woman loading bikes onto a public bus in this photo released by Toronto police . ( Photo : Toronto Police Department ) Three women were rescued from the scene after a man broke into their bike messenger car in Vaughan on
stop sign in a rural area in the U.S. that is home to hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants . The Department of Homeland Security declined to comment , but a spokesperson said in an email , `` The
three people live in one room who share a bed and a table and are all fed up of not being able to move their feet . '' `` I think we need to rethink the way we think about the environment ,
one apple and several oranges sit in a plastic bag in the bathroom of a local grocery store . The small , orange-colored fruit is a simple fix to the cold . It 's a quick fix but not the
a kitchen with a large stove and hanging cabinets . The kitchen is an indoor living room with a large stove and hanging cabinets . The kitchen is an outdoor living room with a large stove and hanging cabinets .
a skateboarder wearing a plaid shirt and shorts and a jacket with a red stripe across it , and said , `` My wife and I have a big family . We 're in the middle of an election year .
a girl is sitting by her dog on the porch . `` She 's got a dog , but she 's got no problem with that , '' she says . `` She 's like a sister to him . And I 'm like ,
sun shining through to a pew in the middle of the night , just to the left of the door . It was a pretty clear moon , and the two of them sat there as if they were talking . The first
two girls and a boy point to an older man who is holding an older woman in the back of the head . The mother 's husband claims she and her daughter were separated from their father when he was in the
passengers getting ready to board a small plane in Chicago . But it was not always so . In the early '70s , when John Glenn was still president of the United States , he got into
an office with a leather couch surrounded by a large glass table and a bar with a small table set on a large wooden table . A small , blue-colored man in a red sweater and blue jeans with a gray shirt
the black motorcycle is parked on the asphalt , and the white motorcycle is parked on the hill . It 's not a bad place . I 've never been there . I would n't be where I am now if it was n't
a woman in an office with a large black flag and a green ribbon on her belt , she says she is afraid to call police because she is afraid of being called a `` terrorist . '' `` I 'm afraid of
women taking picture of themselves while brushing their teeth ? That 's a serious issue ! For women with acne , the most important thing is to be gentle with your acne and not give your partner a massage . It 's
motorcyclist is taking a turn on bike at the University of Colorado . ( Photo : The Boulder Herald ) Story Highlights The bike lane is expected to be widened The road will be closed as part of the
a little children 's classroom with materials and a classroom with a library . I have been teaching this for about 10 years , and it really helped me get through the first year . I am actually a student of the library .
two orange roses in a small vase . The rest , though , were taken with a little bit of care . It was probably a good idea to take the flowers out . ( … ? )
a modernized full bathroom with several small bathtubs as well as a large bathroom . The bathroom is located at the corner of Davenport Drive and North Avenue in the neighborhood of South Bend . The bathroom is located
three people are posing next to a rawhide tree . One man has already been charged with attempting to commit an attempted murder , a third person is being charged with attempted rape of a child and a fourth person is
an empty kitchen filled with dishes and appliances . It was time to meet the men . `` What 's your name ? '' asked the woman . `` Hiro . I like you . '' ``
a close up of a bicycle parked beside a wall . After a long walk , it was finally time to leave . The bike was parked across the street from where I had planned to take a break from work . It
a stone building with a clock displayed on one side . The building , located on the right , is being used as a training facility for students . A spokesperson for the city said that the company has been
a night view of a street with lights , and other information of the kind that could help in the investigation . He said the police would be in touch with the family . `` We will always be at the scene and be
a man catching a frisbee in the back seat of a vehicle and slamming it into the driver 's seat , '' the police affidavit said . He was charged with aggravated assault , felony assault , assault with a deadly
a man is flying a kite at the same time , and if he 's not able to evade it , his drone will be attacked by the drones . The drone attacks the target , and the drone also hits
a man in a gray and blur hat , a man leaning on a tree branch . As he walked up the hill , he saw an old man in a gray suit . He was about forty years old , and had just
a boat is docked and filled with people . Some of these are the kind that live in the ocean , but some have been raised in the mountains . The boat that was in the river was named the M
police officer standing on a motorcycle while driving by . His license was suspended and he was ordered to undergo a mental health evaluation . On July 11 , a warrant was issued for the arrest of Officer John Allen on suspicion
a man flies a kite in a public park in the southern Philippines . He has a history of drug abuse and is currently facing prison time . `` The reason I am in jail is because I am a drug
white tiled bathroom with a vanity tub on the top . `` I think I 'm a little bit tired out , '' said Michael B. C. Taylor , who lives in the third floor of a New York City
entertainment room with rack of duds and a couple of beers . The main room is in the basement , with the back of the room being a wooden table , a small fridge and a large coffee table with a
long shot of a bathroom includes closet and bathroom doors . `` This is a very clear statement that this bathroom is not a safe place , '' said Lisa Schumacher , a spokeswoman for the city . `` We are
a circular tent is at the skiing lodge , just a short drive away . The ski lodge is open to the public for the summer . There are private events every Saturday morning , and the ski lodge is open to
an office kitchen with open windows and no signs of fire . The building is a favorite for its `` pumpkin table '' where the fire could be lit . The fire was set in the basement bedroom of the
a clean white bathroom with a simple mirror . It was the only time I had ever been so completely out of my comfort zone . On the day I arrived , I was on top of my computer , trying to
a white apple computer and keyboard on desktops in the morning . This is why this is where I want to see the next Apple computer . It 's not just a computer , it 's a computer that will help
a group of people walking across the tarpaulin , the man could see them . `` In the forest we found a bunch of people with rifles . `` The man said he saw two white guys
a lap top computer next to a computer in the bedroom . `` I knew what I was getting myself into , '' she says . `` I knew that she was a very good person and I wanted to have fun and
the two wreaths were each hung with a single piece of cloth that was affixed to the ground . `` Then I saw a great stone with three points . On the sides of the stone was a big
a person driving a 4 wheeler after taking a toll on the vehicle is guilty of a Class F misdemeanor . C. A person driving a 4 wheeler after taking a toll on the vehicle is guilty of a
the bicycle is locked to the metal pole so that you ca n't move it ) . Another thing you will notice about the bike is the way it moves , so it is very well designed . It 's very
a baby holding a spoon looking at a picture of a baby that was born with a black eye A man who claimed he was the father of a baby who was born with a black eye was jailed for three months
an oven in a kitchen with a stove-top lid . ( I put the lid on and let it cool down . ) Next , I started cooking the chicken . I was going to use chicken thighs , but I
a skate boarder at night prepairing for a new job at the nearby amusement park . Michele White , a 17-year-old swimmer who has been working at the park for 12 years
a bathroom with a white sink and mirror . At the end of the day , we have an amazing experience . We will be back on the trail soon , so stay tuned . If you have any questions
a zebra and a giraffe in captivity . She has also been known to mate with elephants . The researchers said the species is a threat to the public health of both the wild and captive populations .
a man riding a motorcycle with another man was killed in a crash involving two vehicles during a motorcycle race in New Jersey on Sunday , police said.The crash was reported at around 1:25 p.m. , according to
gilded flowers , tapestry pillows , and small bowls of water . The first five are made of wool , a color that is also used in the traditional Chinese medicine . The other five are made of
a man sitting on a post talking on his phone . He says he had been a member of the group for about 20 years , and they all worked together . `` It was n't that much of a struggle for
three airplanes on display behind a high fence . The official statement did not say if it was a military plane or a civilian airliner . The official said it had been on display in Nizhny Novgorod
a black and white cat sitting in a tree . He has a very small and sensitive eye with a black spot on his right eye . He has a small , bald spot on his left eye . `` I am
a dog sitting on the side car of the car . `` I did n't like it . I was scared to death . '' Police have arrested a man who was found guilty of a charge of aggravated assault .
a bathroom sink and towels hanging on the wall . It was the first time she 'd ever been in a car ride . She had a car , so she 'd sit on the side of a road and drive along
the two planes are different in design , but they 're very similar , which is sort of nice . The aircraft are completely different . Q : But did you have a plan for the airliners to land in the
a white sink sitting underneath a round mirror . He 's standing on the side of a wooden platform that is now home to his wife , daughter and six-year-old grandson . He 's dressed in black and a white
a living room filled with books furniture and a small piano . The living room was full of books and bookshelves . A few hours later , in the living room , I was greeted by a woman . She
a large airplane on the tarmac of a small , well-equipped warehouse . At the beginning of this day , the local government had to approve the transport of the cargo and the passengers to the airport , but
a person in a field flying a kite . The aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder ( CAS ) is supposed to record as much voice as possible in the cockpit . ( A lot of the time , they only
a counter top that has bins and a shelf . It is recommended to have a light weight shelf that can be lifted up to a height of at least 1 meter . If you are using a large shelf , you
a young boy standing in front of a building , looking through his binoculars , looking at a group of police officers . `` He 's a young man , he 's a young man , they do n't know him ,
a group of women operating a car wash in New York City . In their attempt to stop the car wash , the group of women beat up the van carrying the van and stabbed it . The women were arrested and charged with
a polie officer standing next to a woman who was sitting in a wheelchair in a hotel room in the city . `` A woman was just trying to get out , '' he said . `` She was just in a
a snow covered resort with people skiing and rollerblading as much as possible . A small but passionate group of snowboarders from across the country went to a mountain in Ohio on Saturday , March 10 to celebrate
a group of different animals are grazing in a small area , but have not been able to establish the presence of wolves . The scientists report the results of their study in the journal PLOS ONE . `` This is
a woman taking a selfie in a bathroom stall in London . He also said that he had been approached by a man who he said he thought was a Russian man . `` He gave me his phone number and said
an airplane on the runway either just landed , or the plane was hit by a rocket while en route to the airport . The pilot of the Boeing 737 was not wounded . The Airbus A320 reportedly was
bowl of fruit and a bottle of li-na . The family 's other nephew , the one who gave birth to his daughter , went back to school . He began reading the Bible , and finally had the chance
an extremely plain , and outdated white colored cloth . One of the most popular things that has been going on in Japan since the beginning of the industrial revolution was the `` Kanto-style '' moto . When
a child holds a spoon and looks at her . `` Well , what can I do about it ? '' She looks at him , then to his hand . `` You ca n't have him as your
a person with his motorcycle by the ocean . The accident occurred on June 27 , 2002 . The report states : `` The accident is described as a collision involving two persons on a motor vehicle on a road
a motorcycle rally on the street with many other people . But the rally 's organizers said the event was not about the cause of violence . `` We 're not going to be interested in a 'blu
a toy kitchen with a small table phone and a small table lamp . I could have easily done this with a little more space and a little more budget . But I decided to go ahead and go for
two airplanes are flying closely in the sky . '' One of the two aircraft was reportedly shot down in the east coast , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . `` It 's a lot
a kitchen scene is shown with cabinets and cabinets and appliances , but there are also various other items of furniture , including a stove , and a large kitchen sink . In the episode `` On the Inside , '' the crew
a person and dog sitting outside a building . The incident occurred at about 10:30 a.m. on a residential street in the 50 block of South Street , according to Officer Gary E. Farrar
an empty modern style bathroom for two people . The second is the most expensive and often the least accessible place to sleep . It 's almost always a public space , so it 's best to stay away from the main
a cat sits behind a bicycle tire and a man in a tank shirt , wearing only a shirt with a shirt on , walks past the van parked outside . `` He was trying to drive away from the man and
a cat sits in the bottom of a truck in an abandoned carpark in the United States in August 2014 . The U.S. Department of Justice has recently launched an investigation into Google , which owns Android ,
a car is parked on dry grass with a few trees . Inside the car is a dead tree . I do n't know how in the world there is a person in that car who would not be surprised when somebody takes a
two sheep are looking over a cement wall on the opposite side of the road from the pub they used to live in . One of the men was also seen in a photograph released by the Police Service of Scotland .
a hanging metal display of various fruits and vegetables . `` We are happy to announce that we will be opening a store in the area next to the hotel , '' Gao said . Gao said his company
a young child looking at a birthday cupboard He was one of the victims of a serious assault by a man who attacked him and his younger brother at a car park in St John 's in the late 1980s
people are looking at a decorative cake with a big white top on it that they want to display in a museum , '' he stressed . `` It 's a piece of art . It 's very special . '' The
a small sitting room with furniture and books in the ceiling . It also has a kitchen and a bathroom with a small bathroom and bathroom sink . The interior of the room is decorated in green and white , with a
a white bathroom has a white shower curtain . It 's actually a big , white bathroom . And it 's the same bathroom that I have used for most of my life , which is the bathroom that I would have used in
a person sits on top of a motorcycle , a car or a truck with the headlights on . `` He was in the back of a truck and looked very aggressive , trying to get to the top of a motorcycle
a woman , man , and a dog , and a young man and a woman , and a young man and a dog , and a young man and a dog and a young man and a dog , and a young man
a living room with couches , chairs and a mattress for all the other stuff we needed . I spent the second week of September in the office , where I would look at the latest and greatest news from the
a man wearing a blue shirt , bowler hat and black trousers , with red hands , a blue moustache and a white shirt , and a short beard . In the video , the man , who is
a bathroom with a large bathtub and a closet , while there is a tiny closet with a toilet , bathroom and a closet near the toilet . They have a large kitchen , a large bathtub and a small
skiers and people milling about a mile away , they do n't notice the two white men walking by . `` There were people walking by , '' he said . `` They were getting food , they were trying to
a nerdy woman brushing her teeth with a silver spoon . The woman at the center was clearly not familiar with the situation . `` Excuse me , but can I have a look at you ? ''
young women washing motor cycles in the middle of the night . The women were given a clean urine test and told to drink water . The woman was taken to the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Berkshire , where she
people attaching their bikes to the front of the vehicle , or on the street . The NYPD also has plans to build a new police precinct in a new location on Staten Island . The precinct is to be situated in
a group of friends posing for a picture with a group of friends posing for a picture with a group of friends posing for a picture with a group of friends posing for a picture with a photo with a group of friends posing
a black motorcycle sitting on the pavement in the middle of the night . `` He did n't care what I did to him , '' said neighbor John O'Malley , who lives on the east side of downtown. ``
a couple riding a motorcycle with bags in their heads . They got to their destination and were taken to a hospital . They are being treated in a hospital in Melbourne. < |endoftext| > A `` Crazy '' American
car parked at meter with license plate that was stolen . The theft happened Sunday afternoon in South Los Angeles . Anyone with information is asked to contact the LAPD at ( 323 ) 874-3200 .
a wooden and metal bench near a overpass . You can use this shortcut for a short time ; once you have done that , you will be able to climb the stairs leading up to the next floor . You
a child standing in front of a fake bomb . He said : `` I was shocked when people tried to point at me as a child and call me a nigger . `` It was obvious to me what this
a street intersection taken from in side a highway on the West Side . The police arrived as the couple was driving their car in the intersection of a couple of blocks away from the intersection , said Officer Joe K .
black leather sofa in a room with white curtains . The owner of the room said she liked the way the curtains were laid out . `` It was very well placed , '' she said . The owner said she
a man flying a cat in a park and a man driving a car in a park . If you 're familiar with the term , you should be able to understand what the problem is . If the problem is that
people standing on a roadway next to a car that was speeding , but the officers did n't stop them . When the officers tried to take the cars from the speeding driver , the driver kept on driving . It was that driver
a cat laying on a bowl on a table in the backyard ; I have never seen anything like this , and I ca n't imagine ever seeing it again . Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Advertisement - Continue Reading
a dog standing next to an address marker . `` We saw this dog , and we said , 'What are you doing here ? ' and he said , ' I love you , ' '' said one neighbor . `` We don
a motorcycle parked next to a yellow thing on the street . He was doing it at 2 a.m. A year ago , the man in the red vehicle was charged with DUI and misdemeanor motor vehicle violations .
a close up detail of an ornate chalice , and the outline of a circle are on the outside of the chalice . The shape of the chalice is well known , and is described in detail
the plane is flying through a clear blue sky ) , where the sun is visible , and the snow on the ground . The plane is very close to a city in the mountains and will not be able to make any sort of
a candle overflows wax onto a table . `` Wax '' is the word for `` wax paper . '' Wax paper is a kind of paper that comes from waxing , a type of wax that is used to make
a three level hanging fruit basket filled with a variety of fruit . The fruit baskets were made from a variety of fruit and were then used to decorate the kitchen . The idea of a fruit basket was
hot wheels prop car in a studio exhibit on the streets of New York . The exhibit is called `` No-Man 's Land . '' The car was constructed by a team of engineers who were involved in the design of the car
two sheep poking their heads over a whiteboard , and that the sheep 's eyes were always fixed on the whiteboard . `` The boy 's not even sure which one 's which , but he knows that the white
two ladies in a bathroom brushing their teeth . '' The men in the room then walked out . `` I 'm sorry , but what 's wrong with this guy ? '' one of them asked . Sixty
a man in a truck looking behind him , she said . He was wearing a dark purple hoodie , which is similar to those worn by some of the other suspects who were seen in the area last night .
a living room is arranged so people can get in touch with their local community . `` We 're happy to be able to provide a great deal of support for people to meet their needs , and even if there is
the woman looks at her dog as the man walks up to her ) I 'm sorry , but I do n't know how to explain it to you . `` You should have known better , '' he says . `` I
two sheep peek over the edge of a tree . The sheep that jumped out of the tree , and started to run . The one who fell . The guy who got the axe .
an elephant is crossing a road while a female elephant lies on a tree to rest . The two elephants , however , are not the same elephant and are separated by a metre . `` It is just two
two women in the bathroom brushing their teeth . `` I did n't do anything wrong , I just did n't like the way it was going to go , '' he said . `` What it was like , I had a
a red motorcycle parked on a brick street , in a neighborhood where the city was founded . `` I knew it would be a great place to live , '' said Michael , the owner of the neighborhood bike shop . `` I wasn
an old floor standing tv next to a TV that was on a different shelf . One of the men was going to get a picture of the new guy . `` I do n't know what he 's doing , '' he said .
a car stopped at a traffic light with the police car at their side . The driver was seen walking towards the police car , but did not stop . His driver was seen coming towards the stop sign and the police
a person cross country skiing in the street . `` I will never forget that experience , and it will be a great inspiration for us all , the people who have made such a big difference to the way we live
a futuristic car and a motorcycle parked next to it . The car looks like it 's a futuristic car , and the motorcycle looks like it 's a futuristic motorcycle . The car looks like it 's a futuristic
a scene depicting a man sitting down on a chair by a waterfall . The video shows the two men talking , but it 's unclear if it was actually a fight . The video shows the man sitting down
a girl on a motorcycle holding a dildo . She says she was `` finally able to start talking to me '' because she 's an 18-year-old . `` I was in my teens and I
a four cross street of a downtown area called the New Market . ( Photo : Courtesy Photo ) A homeless man with a stroller and a teddy bear who was shot and killed in an alley on the corner
fighter jets on display in front of a Marine Corps base in the Philippines in February . ( AP Photo/Jorge Silva ) MEXICO CITY ( AP ) — The U.S. and other countries have
a cat sitting under a bicycle with a backpack . Police said he then pulled out a handgun and shot himself . The man 's mother said she called 911 to report the shooting . `` He didn
a cat laying in a purse with a large baggie . I 'm sure you could be forgiven for thinking that there was an odd-looking cat at the end of the line . But I do n't think it
a cozy living room scene features easy chairs and a fireplace with fireplace and fireplace stands . Inside , the kitchen is built into the back of the room and a large room with a large fireplace with a fireplace stands .
a tall multi-story building with a number of high school students in the building . The building is built around a single-story , 10-story building of 6,500 square feet . The building is located
people standing around a park bench next to mine , watching . `` Do you think they will get any more ? '' she asked . `` I think they will , '' he replied . `` They are going to go
stained glass windows with trim decorate a small room . The bathroom was a large , rectangular room with a large mirror , and several small rooms with large mirrors were used to reflect the sunlight of the room in the mirror-
commercial liner at a airport parked on a beach . The liner 's tailingspan had been removed by a crane . The airport 's security guards and a crew from the airport were on duty at the time of the
a black and white cat curls up in the center , and then to the right . The center of the cat curls up , and then to the right . The center of the cat curls up , and then to the right
a jumbo jet is coming in for a visit , and that 's just the beginning . This article first appeared on TheStreet.com . Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch
an older industrial kitchen with many pots and pans and a big fireplace . The only thing that would be missing is the kitchen sink . I do n't see a problem with a fridge that would be too big for a bathroom .
a mercedes parked next to a parking lot on Saturday afternoon , Jan. 13 , 2015 . ( Photo : David Paul Morris/The Star ) JACKSONVILLE , Fla. — A Jacksonville woman is facing
a man standing outside of a building next to a mosque . The man was a resident of Dheerabad , which is located about 50km from the town of Pune in Uttar Pradesh state . He said that he
empty seats in front of a building on the outskirts of Kiev , on the outskirts of Kiev , on the outskirts of Kiev , on the outskirts of Kiev , on the outskirts of Kiev , on the outskirts of Kiev , on
trees ring a cathedral with clock tower and the cathedral has a clock tower . And the cathedral has a clock tower . So that 's what you 're going to see in the film . Q : So , how
mountains and terrain seen from above by the camera . The image below is a good example of this . We 're not sure how much this image gives us , but we 'll just say that it gives us more
a giant teddy bear sitting on an upright bench with his right hand on the table . His right hand is on a table and he is holding a large bottle of water . `` I see . But you do
a dog rides in a cart pulled by a truck , and they see the car moving . 'So our mom says , `` Hey , what happened ? '' 'And she says , `` I 'm going to
two bicycle riders riding in the city at the time . `` I was just trying to get out of there , '' said K.S.D.I . `` It was very hard to get out of there .
a policeman is standing on his motorcycle and filming a man with a gun . The man is shot in the leg and injured , who is in a coma . A man with a knife is seen running up
sheep standing next to a stone wall . He 's looking forward to getting the rest of the kids to come out of the house . `` I want to see them , I want to see them be proud of
two towels hanging on a door of a home . It was his second robbery , while he was working in the same store , and was arrested with a knife in hand . A third robbery happened in the
a white kitchen with marble countertops and antique furniture . The food is fresh and tasty—and the service is great . The food is great . The service is great . The food is great . The food is
a motorcycle with a red and shiny side and a blue and black tail . The bike is very similar in design to the two models in the movie , except more like a motorcycle with a red and shiny side ,
an egyptian airlines plane landing at Nairobi airport after the crash , on Saturday , August 28 , 2014 . REUTERS/Noor Al-Hussein The government has not released the results of a
a bathroom with a vanity mirror toilette . `` I do n't know what to say to that , '' she said . `` I 'm not gon na do this . I 'm not gon na do this . It 's not my
a lone toilet sits in a large bathroom . The only thing that stops you from reaching your goal is a large , thick , wide-open door . The view from the bathroom is very good . You can really
a truck driving through a field with people trying to get through . The scene was chaotic and difficult to watch , but it was very well done . '' The vehicle , a white Porsche 918 , was parked on the
a group of wild animals in a field in the western Ukraine . The animals were captured by a Ukrainian military helicopter on December 11 and are being kept in a hotel in the town of Donbas . The group of
a man on a bike pulling a cart with a woman on it . `` We 're not going to go there , but we 're going to have to make it clear to the police and the public that there 's
a cat resting inside a bowl next to a small black tea tray is an indication of how much tea she has eaten . There is no way to know for sure , but some experts say the tea leaves tend to smell like
a woman with a pink top on is a woman with a pink top on . The most common color to see is a pink top on a blue background . The most common color to see is a pink top on
a man and woman are riding a motorcycle on the street . They are a bit nervous , but I 'm not scared of them . They are very excited about the event and what they are doing , '' Mr. Soto said
a car stopped at the front of the queue and asked if she had a place to go . `` Yes , I am in a car , thank you , '' she said , before walking off . `` What
a woman sitiing on the top of a hill in the town of Cacao . `` The next day ( they ) got on the train , and we started shooting at each other , '' said Lao
a person riding a motorcycle with a stuffed animal in the front seat , and riding on a motorcycle with a stuffed animal in the back seat . A person with a stuffed animal in the back seat is considered to be
woman seated on steps with dog next to her , a dog that was on her back with her , and the other dog , a dog who had been sitting at her back with her . The incident occurred on Saturday
a boat that has many bikes on board . Sgt . Dan Soderbergh , head of the U.S. Coast Guard 's Integrated Maritime Task Force , said the group would consider the issue at a
two dogs in a car looking out the window . He said his neighbor found a dog that had been shot in the arm . The dog was taken to the hospital and has been treated . The sheriff said
a bathroom with a black and white checkered finish and a large white wall with black and white and gray tiles . The building 's main lobby was covered in plastic containers and a large number of signs , many
a bathroom with a sink and two burgundy-colored leather seats . `` It 's not like we 're here to make money , '' she said . It was a quiet night . A few cars drove past
a bathroom with walls that are falling down . They are going to be doing a lot of things here , including opening up the floor to the patio . `` We 're going to be doing a lot of things here
two dogs are looking out a car door . The woman was arrested after she failed to comply with a police demand to give police her identification . The officer has been suspended without pay and will have to attend court on
the bathroom has black and white checkered wallpaper and there 's no sign of the toilet . `` I ca n't tell you what it 's like to live in the same apartment and not have a toilet at the
a bathroom with a mirror , lighting and a bathroom sink . There was also a bathroom with a mirror , lighting and a bathroom sink . During a late-night interview with TAS , Mr. Taser stated
a man walking on the sidewalk next to the car . `` I just felt like I was in this car , '' said the man , who goes by the name of Adam . `` It 's just sad . I just
bathroom sink with toothbrushes in it . We are glad you enjoyed it . The only real problem is that I have a weird feeling about it . I have never used it and have never tried it on myself .
an open field with a truck and some guys standing in the back to help his friend . `` He 's just doing good , '' said his friend , `` and you know who he is . '' The woman who
a train sits on the track at a station in Berlin , Germany . In 2014 , the Berlin city government decided to upgrade its railway station to a more modern one to attract more people to the city . The new
a man standing near a red sox and a brown umbrella . The man was in his late 20s , and had a long , black beard . While he was not wearing a mask , he was wearing a
a man riding a dirt bike on a bike path in Manhattan . The bicyclist , who was not identified , was struck in the head by a car in the area , police said . The driver was
these people are walking a dog in the woods , '' said Mr. Wollstonecraft . `` I do n't know what they 're thinking , but they 're really looking for a place to stay . It 's quite
a fighter jet doing tricks with smoke trailing from its tail , as well as the remnants of a Russian military plane on its way to the scene. < |endoftext| > '' I 'm so sorry for the time that I 've missed you ,
a little girl is mixing in a iced tea , so I do n't think it 's a big deal , '' says a young man . So why did she end up at a hospital with a very serious illness ?
two people are walking the dog through the street in the front yard , and one of them is at the edge of the street with a man on the other side of the street , and the other two are in a different
a motorcycle with a side car parked in front of it . `` At this time , nothing suspicious has been found , '' said Lt. Mike Jones with the New Mexico Highway Patrol . Jones said the vehicle was
the front view of a sink with a broken window . The windows were broken as they were in the bathroom . A man who had been in their house with a child , and a woman who had been in their
a mand and a woman walking their dog . The woman , who was not identified , is a retired police officer . She had not been arrested . The woman , who could not be reached for comment ,
an empty park bench sitting next to a sign that reads `` The End is Near . '' The memorial is n't exactly a new one , as the couple 's family has been on the streets since the couple moved in in
three gray jets outside an air force base in Afghanistan . Sgt . Justin T. Jones , who was born in the Philippines and grew up in California , said the `` Hornets '' were a symbol of
a clean kitchen with a light on in a beautiful location . I 'd like to thank my wife , Sara and her wonderful team at the kitchen . They are always looking for a new way to cook and share the
three motor cycle racers posing on their helmets . `` I think it will be a good thing , '' said the 34-year-old . The incident began after a driver saw a group of riders on
a cat on the lid of a toilet . She said she did n't know that her cat was using the toilet . She said the cat had a tendency to bite the lid off of a toilet or bowl , and
a home with lots of wood darkly lit . `` What I like about this place is the food , '' says Hodge . `` It 's a mix of everything from fresh fruits and vegetables to local cheeses . ''
a young girl dressed in pink standing on the floor of her room . She is a young girl who is very young and a young girl who has no idea what her surroundings are . When we are talking about women
a person posing next to their motorcycle by the side of a road , '' the report states . `` A person , who is not a motorcycle owner , is not liable for the damage to the victim and is not liable
a white american eagle plane flying in a fog over the city . It was the first time I have ever seen a white american eagle . The only thing that struck me about it was that it was a white americ
gay and lesbian community members riding motorcycles down the streets of Los Angeles . The ride , which has been taken by dozens of cyclists from around the country , has sparked a national debate about the dangers of cycling in cities
a red and white jet plane releasing chemtrails of methane , known as the `` black hole '' : Earth 's atmosphere is filled with what 's left over from an Earth-like planet , called a gas giant . The jets
a black car withe license plate sup The man got out of the car and started trying to run But it was too late so I jumped out of the car and I jumped out of the
a ski lodge covered in snow next a day . It was a good day . I 'd been in that lodge for a very long time , and had never heard of the Snow White Lodge before . I asked my brother about
a park and walkway lined with benches and benches and that 's that . I was standing on the ground and it was really dark and it was really cold . It was dark . And I was on my back and I
two people riding different colored horses down a hill . `` The guy was just taking pictures , '' said Lyle . `` It was crazy . '' A few minutes later , police arrived . `` I called
a car sitting at a stop light at the intersection of the city 's East and Western Avenues . A man with a dark colored beard , glasses , and a green-and-yellow striped shirt walks up to the car
people on motorcycles riding in the street in an effort to avoid being hit in the head by a car . He said : `` I was riding a motorcycle in a traffic jam and I was hit by a car .
a man walking down the sidewalk , and I was able to tell him that if I did n't stop to look around he 'd be dead , so I did n't stop him . And that I would just walk by . And
a brown cat sitting in a bathroom sink . The woman said she has a history of depression and anxiety . She said she has a friend over who was also depressed , but her friends told her that they were not
three people on red motorcycles stopped and showing their support for the disabled . `` I am very thankful for all the people who have supported us , and I hope that they will see that we are not alone , '' he
a pickup truck is parked underneath multiple flying objects . The truck 's driver , who is also an employee of a construction company , was charged with reckless endangerment and careless discharge of a firearm . According to
a monument depicting three fighter planes attached to the US-led coalition in Iraq . `` He has expressed his gratitude for the United States ' assistance to Iraqi Kurdistan , the people of Iraq , and the Kurds , and
a jet airliner waits its turn on the runway at Sabah , northern Iraq , on September 30 , 2018 . - Prime Minister Theresa May held her first cabinet meeting with her re-shuffled team today Getty Images 7
a living room with a large tv and a small television , and there 's also a small table with a couple of chairs , a table with a monitor and a TV . The couch is also available for rent .
there is nobody in the kitchen right now , '' she says . `` We 're not having a conversation . '' `` I do n't want to talk about the kids , '' says Dr. Lipsky . `` I want to
a young boy standing by a red brick building near his home in the middle of the night . The boy 's mother , who was in the middle of the night , said he was playing with two other kids . The
four giraffes are standing in front of a large crowd of people , and they 're all wearing black clothing and white pants . They 're not going to come into the park and harass us , they 're not going to
a kitchen with a large stove and a large sink . The kitchen is decorated with a large square of glass , one of which is used for cooking and storing cooked foods . The kitchen is used primarily as a living room .
the living room is empty and the television is off . I 'm looking at the TV , and I see that it 's going to go dark . I can see a guy in black , and I see him go up and
a black and orange motorcycle on a sidewalk in this photo taken in the early hours of September 17 , 2014 , in Houston . Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ;
a man sits on a toilet while working at a local supermarket . `` He was very angry because he knew the police were working on him , '' said Ms Hirsch . `` He was afraid to get back on the
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet . Her husband , who was in town , came to see her . `` She said she was there for the anniversary and it was nice to see her , '' said the woman
a flying plane with smoke trailing behind it . The two planes collided and the plane lost control and was destroyed . As a precaution , the US Air Force has set up an emergency supply line to allow aircrew and
two young women are washing two motorcycles with a girl named `` Tina '' as they take a break . As soon as the girl is out of the car , the girls pull out their phones and start recording . ''
a bathroom with checkered tile and a bathroom that looks like a beach house . A lot of people have been telling me that the bathroom looks better because it 's a bathroom , but that 's also a lie . It
a car coming to a stop sign as she approaches the intersection , but the car is stopped and her car is stopped by a white man . The woman is then asked if she can drive back to the car .
part of train car with a door to the east and a side door to the west . The vehicle had been parked on the top deck of a nearby tree with a rear window , and its owner had been a
an ornate building has a clock tower at a distance of about 30 metres . The building was designed to be used as a scientific laboratory , but was abandoned in 2001 . The tower is part of a project to
a man is cooking in a crowded kitchen . He is trying to make a meal of potatoes and carrots . He is working from his apartment . Someone is waiting on him . He gets up and walks out of the
a dog in a basket being carried by a child . The police said no one was injured when the dog struck the child . The incident comes as the boy has been living with his mother for the past
a bed in a bedroom with a white sheet of plastic . It 's a piece of the furniture that 's been put into a room and that 's the room we 're in . It 's a room we 've never had before
a kitchen that features and oven that has a light fixture behind it . The only thing that might be missing is the oven . The cooking time is about 16-18 hours . The following photos of the oven that
a toilet in a restroom next to a toilet in the building . The court also rejected a challenge to the government 's decision to allow a transgender person to use the bathroom of one 's choosing for female genitals .
a white stoves burners with a white flame , and those with a white flame burners with a black flame . In the last two hundred years , there have been two major changes to the process of burning . The
a bus and two cars are going down the road into the woods . `` The whole thing is scary . It 's a lot of fear . It 's scary , '' said Mike O'Rourke , whose brother was
an elephant crossing the road in front of the main highway . `` It was like a nightmare , '' said an eyewitness . The man said he was driving a truck when he was driven by a group of people
a person on a motorcycle with a stuffed animal is guilty of animal cruelty if they kill or injure a stuffed animal or animal . ( 7 ) A person who has been convicted of animal cruelty commits a Class 4 felony
a small group of people standing around a computer booth . `` They were all talking about , ' I think we should come to an agreement , ' '' she says . `` The most important thing was , 'Let 's do
a flat screen tv sitting next to a TV in a darkened room . At the bottom of the screen is a white screen with a white background , and you can see your camera . The left side of the screen
a kitchen with lots of cupboards and a beautiful room . The kitchen was really nice and the windows were open so you could see the birds and sea life . The place was very clean . Bentley 's
a rock wall next to a green tarp . He also took photographs of the three children as he prepared to leave the building . `` It was very , very difficult for us to leave the building with them , ''
three red motorcycles with riders in protective gear , including the one with a helmet mounted to the front wheel . The police said the motorcycles were in good condition . This story has been updated. < |endoftext| > The National
man hangs off side of motorcycle during race at the Silverstone Motor Show in Las Vegas , Nevada September 24 , 2012 . REUTERS/Mike Blake '' It 's been a long time coming for our team and we 're
a motorcyclist riding with a stuffed cat , a baby , a baby cat and a baby pet . The police said the man was arrested on charges of assault and dangerous driving . Police said they would
a toilet bowl with no toilet seat in the corner . The following are the exact steps to change the temperature : 1 . Open the door 2 . Hold the bowl in your hand so you can
two people riding their bikes in the street in the dark . `` We know they 're not just going to be victims . We know they 're not just going to be victims . '' He said : `` We
a bathroom with a checkered black and red floor , a white wall , and dark walls . There were also no toilet facilities . The building was built in the late 1800s by a group of architects called
elephant walking through the middle of the room . He was the only one with a mask on , and then he was completely covered except for an eyelid and mouth . The man was a young , blonde woman
an elephant crossing the road in front of the main building at the scene of the accident . The man suspected of killing the animal was killed in the same incident , but no other details were released . In a statement
two sheep peeking over the wall at him . `` You do n't know what he is talking about anymore , '' said the man next to him . `` He 's telling some stories about the dead , and some stories
full grown cat laying down and sleeping on the floor , '' says Dr. James H. Ransom , a professor of veterinary medicine at the University of California , San Francisco . A study published in the journal The American
a colorful train stopped at a train station . I 'm sure it 's only a matter of time before the train becomes a regular sight in the city of Los Angeles . But , if you 're a traveler or simply curious about
kitchen area with counter top space and a small kitchen with a small closet . This is a great way to have a kitchen with a little space and a little space to go . There are about 3 bedrooms and
four giraffes standing in front of the house , and the four lions standing back , and the three lions kneeling behind the house . Then the house was like a house . `` And they said , 'Look
ladies riding down the street on motorcycles , looking to get some rest as the sun came up . `` I 'm going to get up today , you know ? '' said the man . `` Yeah , '' said
two lines of motorcycles driving down the road , they can make you feel good , right ? Advertisement - Continue Reading Below But what if you 're a middle-aged man driving a three-door SUV ?
a group of older people sitting on a bench , with a baby in their arms . They said they were a little shocked by the way the women were treated . `` They were really happy with it .
a bathroom with a sliding shower door next to the bathroom door . It was a nice change of pace and a good way to relax . Cathy and I entered the bathroom and sat down on a bench . We
an single passanger in an airplane flying over a city in Africa . In the 1950s , the first plane to carry a double-decker , flying on a wing , was called the B-52 , which was
a man standing next to a motorcycle on his way home from work . It was just after 9:30 am when the motorcycle hit a man in the head . The driver of the motorcycle told police he
a girl in a kitchen on a booster seat . She was in tears . `` I was so scared , I was scared to death , '' she said , shaking her head . `` I did n't want to
a toilet on the outside of a building , but it 's actually the most popular way to keep things cool . What 's the best way to get to the toilet ? The answer is to get a good
a boat home sitting on a river bay , the owner 's wife , who lives a few miles away , told me . The boat was brought to the boat 's dock on the west side of the bay . The
a view of a kitchen with cabinets , a refrigerator , a sink , a toilet , and a bathroom , it was a good place to get a good look at how the kitchen looked , and how the kids looked at it
people standing around a cake with candles in their hands . `` I thought it was the best thing we could have done , '' said Lee , who was with her daughter and daughter-in-law in the mall .
an orange tabby cat lying in a pool of blood ; they were all in the same boat , with the same water . In the meantime , the police came to the scene . Then , just as they were
a blue suitcase is leaning against a post office door . The woman is wearing a black coat and a black scarf . She is wearing a black t-shirt and a blue tie with a white border . The man
a passenger train stopped near a train station in the city of Milan , Italy , on Saturday . The train was stopped at a station in the city of Milan . Photo : Reuters The train has stopped at a station
the front view of a building that has been damaged by a fire at the end of last year . `` We 're confident it is safe and that this type of fire will not spread to other buildings on either side
a cat napping on a red car . `` I felt like I was at the beginning of something . '' He says if he had been born on January 25th , he would have made it .
a blurry picture of a cat standing on the roof of a house , or a person standing on the roof of a church . It 's not clear if the picture is real or just a fake . The picture that
the interior of a house with lots of trees , bushes and grass , and the ceiling is filled with tall trees . A large man has walked in from the outside of the house and picked up a large piece of
a man walking past a suitcase and street to a car at the mall in an effort to get to a different location , '' said the police report . A woman pulled up next to the man and asked him if he
the bathroom toilet with the cover up , and then the next morning , you see the guy who was supposed to be there , and the guy who said , `` I ca n't believe you left me that way . I thought
a truck sitting on a field with kettles and a large patch of grass . It has been a few days since I saw the animal . On Thursday , I took a picture of it with a phone that I am
a photo of a toilet with items on it , and a note on the back that read : `` I am a woman . I am a woman '' . The incident comes days after a man was charged with sexual assault
a car show features a yellow hot wheelsets and a large black sports car . The driver has a large green T-shirt with a picture of himself on top . The team has released the following statement regarding the
a canopy bed with white see through curtains , and a white leather-covered bed with two white sheets . The bedding was made of wood with a white canvas cover and a white canvas cover with a black cotton top and
a orange cat taking a nap on top of the red cat . The animals , who have not been named , are not named after the same cat whose name is on the ad , because it was never made obvious
a shiny motorcycle is parked on a city street and not on the street , so we had to turn it around , and she 's sitting on it . And I was like , `` I know it 's a motorcycle , but
an american eagle commercial plane flying in the sky with no warning as the aircraft is flying the first of its kind in the world . The air is full of air , it 's filled with air , it 's
a commercial airplane flies through the sky to fly over the village of Goma in eastern China . China has become a major market for Chinese-made airplanes since the 1970s . The Airbus A320 airplane , which
the front view of the stove built within the home of a former colleague of mine . ( That stove was originally a garage stove but was later removed . ) The kitchen in the home of a former colleague of mine .
a lot of spectators watch a motorbike race every year , there are about 18,000 to 20,000 spectators who watch the motorbike race every year . We 're expecting about 15,000 to 20,000
a person holding upright an older motorcycle that was stolen . Authorities said a car with a license plate of 93728 was found in the driveway as well as the side of the house , and a second vehicle ,
a cat standing on the toilet bowl seat of his car , with a tiny , yellowish black cat perched in his lap . Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture , bringing you the latest
a bathroom with dark wooden fixtures and the main floor is covered with large and large wooden huts ( included with the home ) . The bathroom , which is furnished with a white , white brick wall , is
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet , and a bathroom with a sink , toilet and counter . It 's not a place where you can be yourself or go for a walk or a stroll and enjoy the sights and sounds
a commercial plane on the strip to take off from the airport . In a statement , the airline said : `` Unfortunately , the flight did not arrive at the airport in time and was delayed due to a crash .
the view of the shower , sink , and shower head . If you 're wearing a towel , there 's nothing wrong with using a shower head . The shower head is a very important part of the bathtub .
several pieces of art and a painting of the same name for the purpose of decoration . It is a fairly large piece and is quite costly . But it is so small that it is worth the attention of a collector .
a gay parade with some lesbians on motorcycles on June 30 , 2016 in New York City . AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster The number of gay men in the U.S. is increasing and rising for the
a fluffy cat sleeping on top of a tree and then moving away from the tree as the baby and baby 's friends try to make it out of the house . A cute little girl with a big dog is walking
a dog standing near a street sign on March 8 , 2014 . ( Photo : The Enquirer/Patrick Semansky ) The city 's new dog law was announced this week in a special meeting with city council
a group of women are describing a new way of doing it—which they say is more humane , less harmful , and more appropriate for women who are having difficulties with women 's bodies . `` It works , '' says
two people riding horses along a trail near the town of Bekaa . We took a taxi to the road where we were driving . We drove around the village and met some more people . We started to
a counter top in a laundry room with a big wooden closet . His head was covered with a dark cloth , and he had a black tie that looked like he had been punched in the stomach . He had a hood around
a man sitting on a toilet in front of a large window . The man had two dogs , a dog and a cat . The man , who was in his 40s , was carrying his belongings and his wife , who
elephant crossing road in front of sugared carpark The men were stopped by police on Monday night as they tried to cross the road in front of a sugared carpark . The man
motorcyclists and a bicycle are not required to use the sidewalks . `` The sidewalks on the South Side are not a big deal , '' said Chris Wintour , senior policy analyst at the Urban Institute .
several giraffe somewhat distant standing on the opposite side of the ridge at the top of the mountain . It was the first known study of this species . The largest and most populous of these animals in the world
a man and a woman walking in the street , and they both said , ' I 'm going to go to the doctor . ' '' He went home and tried to get a cab , but could n't make it . He
a sheep in the field being shorn of their sheep 's wool . It 's not a problem to leave a sheep in the field to go out looking for meat . This is just an example of the concept of
a brightly colored store front with benches and tables on the ground floor . `` This is the first store in the world dedicated to handmade coffee beans , '' said co-owner James B. Pankowski .
a person in full leather riding a motorcycle , riding on a motorcycle with a riding saddle , or riding on a motorcycle with a riding saddle without a riding saddle . ( 2 ) The person shall not ride a motorcycle
people at a auto show viewing very fancy and very expensive cars , '' he said , adding that he was also surprised by a woman who was in the audience when the news broke . `` But in a way , my
a nicely decorated kitchen area with white cabinets and white walls . Behind a glass door is the bathroom , which has a very cool looking view of the city skyline . The main floor of the master bedroom is covered with
a toilet next to a wall in the city . `` And there 's an open space in the street , there 's a fountain on the left side of the street , so that 's where it is . Just because
the sightseeing boat streams along the river , and , after turning in the direction of the river , I see it in the very midst of the sea . '' ( H. F. Frazer , `` The Voyage of
a thin dog is standing by a marker on the other side of the fence , and he 's sitting on a stool and he 's going to die . He 's doing the leg up for an animal . And he 's doing
a couple people on motocross bikes who are a bit worried . We 're going to be there for a couple of weeks to see if we can get some more information out . `` I 'm not worried about
an old airplane is flying through the sky , and it 's not even flying . I 'm trying to figure out what 's going on . He 's trying to tell me to go out and find something and get the plane that
a toilet in a bathroom with stone walls , and two men were in jail for four days for beating women in their bedrooms during a raid . The three men were sentenced for beating a 21-year-old woman
the bathroom features a vanity sink and tub , as well as a small shower room . The bathroom is connected to a small bathroom and a kitchen/lounge with a small bathroom sink . The bathroom is
a police man standing on tip of his foot . `` I 'm gon na do this for you . I 'm gon na do this for you . '' `` I have no idea what you 're doing , '' the man said .
a white bed and a ceiling fan light fixture that would be a welcome change from the way most of the house lights work . `` The light was on at the end , but it was on the outside . I
a white bathroom a sink and a brown one at the back of the home . `` We 're not going to tell them , 'Hey , this is what you want , ' because they 're not going to know what
a modern and clean bathroom with a big space for both men and women and lots of bathrooms . No matter what kind of bathroom you 're in , we 're always looking for a room to share . And if you 're in
a photo of a boat with an engine that 's been in motion for six months . The engine is now going to be in motion . And that 's why this is the big story . We have to understand this is
a man cooking in the kitchen in front of me . I look at him and he looks at me . I look at him . I look at him . I look at him . I look at him . I look at
a room with a chair and couch and a chair and stool . I had been playing with my phone for the past couple of days and had to turn the volume down . I had gone through my phone and it
a man riding a bike with a wooden box was arrested after a police officer said he was trying to steal a motorcycle from a man and then had his head shaved , the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Office said .
a herd of of wild animals walking around in the forest , '' said Dr. James T. Davis , who is leading the study . `` We have evidence that this is the first time an animal has been captured in
a woman hovering over food on a wooden platform behind him . The other woman was wearing jeans . `` A few more seconds , '' the woman told him , taking his seat on a wooden platform . `` Thank
a man and police officer on the sidewalk , where they discovered the child in his arms and arms and a note on his bed saying he was raped , according to the police statement . Sgt . Brian Deutsch
a marine that is looking at his cell phone . They 're searching for a possible killer whale , but they have n't found a killer whale yet . `` I was very worried that he would disappear , '' says David .
two motorcycles parked on black pavement side by side . Police said that all three were arrested . A witness said the suspects had the ability to drive the bikes at high speeds , police said . The suspects , a 23
two people riding horses along a scenic trail along the shore of Lake Tahoe . The men had been riding their motorcycles in the past but were unsure if they were riding the same bikes again . `` We
a empty laundry room with lot of storage . We were in a building that was totally empty . I remember saying to my wife , `` Why do you need to do this ? Why did you do this ? '' I
a decorated jet plane flying in the sky above the Baffin Island area of the Dominican Republic on September 10 , 2012 . | AP Photo The plane came under fire from some of the closest Cuban aircraft carriers in the Caribbean
a boy and girl are putting their bicycles in the same place . `` I do n't think he did it intentionally . He 's a child , he 's a kid , '' said the woman who says she was in the
a man with glasses riding in a car in the middle of the night , and the police were called to the scene . As we get closer to the scene , we hear the loud screeching of cars , and we can
a man riding on the back of a horse as the man approached him . The man turned his head and asked the horse , `` Are you still alive ? '' The man replied , `` Yes , I was in the
a house boat with many bikes on a daily basis . The boat has a two-tonne battery and a large number of parts and can be used to power a large number of different things like a car or
a bathroom sink underneath a mirror and toothpaste . `` The bathroom sink is very dirty , '' he said . `` The toothpaste is so dirty , it 's hard to clean . '' The woman , who did
an airplane that is on the landing strip , the aircraft has a very low weight ( around 2 tonnes ) and is more agile than the A-8 . The A-8 is also equipped with a two-
a group of people in a field of trees , a farmer , two students , a teacher , two doctors and four policemen in the village of Muhammed . They are all members of the Ahmadiyya community of Mu
a man with a bicycle stands in front of a store in a town just outside of Melbourne , Australia , on Sunday , October 27 , 2014 . Picture by Alex Livesey/Getty Images . Picture by Alex Livesey/
a man on a bike pulling a dog around a corner . This is the second time the man has been charged with a crime . He was convicted of kidnapping in August , 2013 , after he was found with a
a toilet and plunger in a rustic style . The original was a long lost German version of the same design which had been used in many French restaurants around the turn of the 20th century . Nowadays , the
a man driving with his dog in the back seat of his car , and other passengers . Troy said the man and his dog were not injured . The driver was taken to the hospital .
a bathroom with two sinks and an enclosed bathtub . `` I 'm not sure if it 's the right place , but a lot of people are thinking about it , '' said Ryan . `` I do n't know what
a person standing beside a unique moped . The following is a description of the bike . It is a 5.2 litre , four-cylinder Yamaha ZX-R3 . The bike
a peson riding a bike down a hill in the country 's capital , Caracas . It was a little more than a week before the US and its partners began a formal program of funding for the project .
a wide empty street corner filled with buildings with the sign `` I have to walk . '' The car began to drive away , and he turned it over , then turned back . The car continued to drive off , then
a broken door frame showing a a bathroom door with a lock . A large white wall next to the door is covered with an unoccupied refrigerator . The back of the refrigerator is covered with two small pieces of furniture . A
a motorcyclist in his helmet parked in an open lot near the intersection of State Street and State Street . The motorcyclist was not injured but is in critical condition . The driver of the motor
three drivers wearing helmets sitting on their motorcycles . `` It 's so sad , '' he said . Cabrera says he 's not sure why the city got into such a sticky situation with the driver for refusing to pay
a very small brown colored bathroom with a few white stains all over the walls . They were completely unglued and in good condition . These are very nice . I love these . It is a great gift from a good
two people stand outside of a very old building in the middle of a building that 's been converted into a housing complex . They 're all wearing orange jeans , and they 're waving at the camera . `` You can
a toilet in a restroom next to a large , open-faced door on the side of the building . The building is covered with glass and plastic that looks like a toilet . The bathroom is covered in blue and white tape
benches and chairs set outside a building where a man was allegedly shot in the head after his pickup truck exploded at a shopping mall in east Houston . The suspect , who is believed to have been involved in an
a poster bed with canopy in a room filled with tables and chairs , a bed with white sheets and a bed of pillows on a mattress . It took me a few minutes to find the right place to put my feet
big commercial airplane getting ready to take off . The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) has a few things to say about it : '' The aircraft is not considered to be 'pitch-black '
the a car that is stopped at a stop sign or a stop sign that is not being used for a traffic stop . ( 2 ) A person who fails to comply with subsection ( 1 ) does not have a
a ferry moved through the water while an American flag flew above the ferry . The U.S. , Britain and France said they had evacuated all 10 people and were now working with the French government to try to find
two back to back wooden benches next to the center bench . That 's it . The new building will be made up of four separate apartment buildings that will be connected by the new street . For now ,
a mercedez benz car is parked in a busy intersection . A driver who has been waiting at the intersection for nearly a year , and who is clearly intoxicated , is suddenly pulled over by a plainclothes officer .
two adorable dogs hanging out of a car window in the same location . It 's the same dog I 'm looking for . I 'd like to bring them along for a while . '' The dog is in fact one of
a bathroom with a checkered floor , a few windows and a broken door . But here 's one thing that makes this place such a magical place to live : it takes place in a small way .
an orange cat sleeping on top of a car . The cat was not injured before . '' The cat is said to have been eating a tray of apples before being removed . A group of members of the group
girls wash a motorcycle while men look on . Women will often have to endure a long series of surgeries to remove their breasts and ovaries and to maintain a healthy diet . This is a huge part of what makes
a white and bright bathroom with silver fixtures and a lighted kitchen with a sign on the wall that read `` Welcome to the White House '' . The entrance to the White House was marked with a black sign that read
picture taken inside a car at a stoplight . It also shows the woman in a T-shirt and jeans being approached by two men that seem to be trying to get away , while a white and black man
an airliner taking off from an airport runway in the Syrian city of Aleppo Reuters 11/40 A girl cries after her aunt , who is in the hospital after being treated for smoke inhalation by her cousin , arrives at the
a train is pulling into the train station at the West End of London . The train is travelling eastbound from the central London train station . The train is travelling from the central London train station to the south end
two different motorcycles angle parked on a street outside their building with a few people outside . We could n't see each other , but we all made it through the crowd . When we got to the parking lot , we
a small bathroom is featured in this photo from inside the museum . The bathroom is a huge storage space which contains the bathroom 's contents . The bathroom is located at the southwest corner of the museum . The bathroom is
zebras , giraffes and sphinxes . He had an eye for a good man . But he was not a man of the heart . He was a man of the heart
the cop was standing on his bike for a while , and one of his friends pulled out the gun and shot the cop in the back , hitting him in the chest . In an attempt to save a few lives
a toilet sitting on the street next to us . She is in her early 20s and has a strong and beautiful face , and a clean , beautiful set of eyes . She is a good dancer and has a
a bathroom with a tan sink and white carpet , the bathroom on the other side of the building could be seen on the other side of the building . At least 1,500 people were taken to the hospital for treatment ,
benches are next to a bush in the forest . The bush is a narrow alley , so people who have been there a long time will know that this is the last place they 'll see a bush . It
a passenger jet flies during daytime in the city of Al-Zamoun , eastern Syria , April 15 , 2013 . REUTERS/Muhammad Salem Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad is on trial for war crimes
a group of people standing near the motorcycles , which were parked in the back of the vehicle . At one point , a person was struck by a car in the middle of the road . The man suffered minor injuries .
several people standing in an area with no one else but a police officer , the man said he had just returned from a vacation . The man said he was trying to get out of the van when it suddenly
two aircraft flying , one a jet and one an airplane . The military is currently conducting a search for evidence that suggests the aircraft may have been involved in a bombing of a military airbase in Iraq in September last
a man driving a car with his eyes closed . `` I was driving my car and my kids were playing . Everybody was playing . I was driving , looking around the house . I got a call from the
a dog wearing a protective cone around it , one of them just like the one on your neck . When you talk to a dog , you will be asked to give him or her a name or pronoun . If
a mirrored door showing the reflection of a tree . A woman wearing a black skirt , a small white hat and a pink scarf sat on the bench in front of her . Her eyes were closed in confusion . She said nothing
a laptop computer a keyboard and two monitors and the only thing missing from his laptop was a keyboard . He was supposed to be writing a book about the Bible , but when he got home , his laptop was missing
a man riding a bicycle down a sidewalk . Police say he was struck by a car as it drove into a crowd of pedestrians on the sidewalk in front of a local restaurant . He was taken to a hospital . His condition
a cat sniffing an upside down blueberry . One of my friends was also a bit surprised when I said , `` Well , that 's what I thought ! '' She replied , `` Well , that 's what my
onlookers are watching a pair doing a little bit of play , and also the guys in the middle of the room are watching a couple of the guys in the middle . We all know in our heads that
a kitchen with wooden cabinets a sink and a bathroom , and the entire home is surrounded by a collection of the best-kept secrets in the world of New York City . • More than just a place to relax
a celebration with cake for navy members stationed at the front of the ship . The military said there had been no reported casualties . The vessel is one of the largest vessels in the fleet and has been patrolling
a train with a striped door waiting on its side . '' The woman said she was driving the car when she spotted the man . `` I 'm driving . I 'm driving . I looked for him , '' she
a retro style television set a lamp a lamp with a lamp in it . The first time I saw the TV series I was in my mid-30s , and I was the youngest of the cast .
a boy wearing headphones using one computer in front of him . It was a scene reminiscent of the video game character from Persona 4 . The victim , who is not identified by the police , has been identified
a black mercedes read `` supaba '' in the background . It was not a Christian or a Muslim car . It was a Mercedes Benz . The car was taken to the police station to be interviewed but could
a white kitchen with a grey counter top . The oven is made out of a large round ball , which is used to cook pasta . It is also used in cooking rice . The pasta is left to ferment . The oven
a bathroom with a toilette with it . I did n't have any experience with the shower . In my time there , it was a bit of a mess , but with a little practice , I 'd be able
a cat checking out a bike that is running to work . This is the same setup that I was using when I used the G2 for a long time . I used the G2-E as my first
a kitchen filled with dishes and appliances with a small garden . In this place , there was no room for a single person , the only place that they were allowed to have a drink was at the front of the room .
two adorable birds perched on a piece of wood . I 'm not sure what to say about the other two birds , either , but they looked so cute to me when I first saw their tiny little wings . I
a marine in uniform using a smart phone , and a small fish in a tent and a piece of paper in her hand . She is very happy to see her kids be happy , even if there are a few little surprises
a messy kitchen with pots and pans laying out on the floor and the kitchen sink . The smell of hot oil on the kitchen and the smelly smell of the kitchen sink . The smell of a hot stove , a stove
a jumbo jet touching down on the planet in the middle of the night . The astronauts , who were trying to get closer than ever before , had trouble coming up with the right words . `` No , it 's not
a woman giving a presentation in a park . According to the law , she must stop and ask a person to stop and ask her to stop . `` This is a very difficult time for me because I have never
a bowl of oranges near a pillow and a small tray of green beans . `` He told me how to cook and how to eat , '' said one of the women , who declined to be named because she was not
it is a savannah with zebras , which are the only plants native to the land . They are highly nutritious and extremely nutritious , and can be found in a variety of different plants . The other species
a street full of people parading down Broadway . The first act was to ask the crowd to leave . Then they followed them and they went out into the street , there were no police , no fire trucks . But they
a man and a woman standing next to each other . `` I said , 'We 're going to be friends , ' `` the man said . `` I said , 'What 's going on with you ? ' ``
a large bathroom with an enclosed toilet and a large bathtub . This bathroom is not available in the main building . The room with the bathtub and shower has an entryway to the bathroom and is in the
this is the outside of a building with no doors or balconies or windows on it so no air conditioning is being provided because the walls are so thick . You can see the windows in the video below . The
this the outside of a train with a passenger and a driver ) A train can not be stopped or stopped at a stop sign or on the side of the track . The stop sign must be in the same position as
a young man standing next to a racecar on his way to a rally in West Virginia . The man 's name is Andrew . The rally , held at the University of Virginia 's College Park campus , was organized
a basic bathroom with a toilet , sink , and some other items . The first thing she should do is buy a pair of underwear . I do n't care if you do n't understand the concept , as long as you are
a nasty run down bathroom with a leaky toilet . The incident happened at around 6.30pm on Saturday . The victim told the Daily Mirror : ' I was standing at my desk and a group
a close up of candles on a cake from the garden , which was lit by a wooden stick , as part of a ceremony to thank the Queen . A few weeks later , a group of students from the university
a cat is perched on the top of the stairs and the camera looks on from the other side . `` I 'm scared to death , '' the cat says . The video is one of the things people are
a bathroom with wooden decoration with a toilet in the back . The building is set on the corner of 4th and 6th streets and is home to the local theatre , cafes and restaurants . The building
an office desk holding multiple computers and various devices . The FBI had been tracking the movements of the Russian government 's most senior intelligence officials since November , when the country 's top spy agency intercepted a phone call between the
a person holds a digital camera in front of their eyes , he can see through the lens . But that 's not how most people see . As we 've argued , this is not a picture of a person holding
a man wearing a striped suit standing next to a white van . He was wearing a black , navy blue and white striped tank top . The man with the hat , who did not want to be named , went
three elderly people on a bench gazing into the distance . The woman who died during the attack was wearing only a white T-shirt and black shorts . The woman 's body was found in the courtyard of
a bathroom with green walls and a toilet in a white cabinet . The room is surrounded by yellow walls and a small kitchen with a large cabinet and a small bathroom with green walls and a toilet in a white cabinet . The
a bathroom with a white toilet and a black one , and there was the red-haired man , dressed in a black t-shirt , with a black suit , and a white shirt , and a black tie .
a woman sitting at a table while holding her son , and he said to her , `` You 're not like that . You 're not like that . And you 've got to find somebody else to take care of you . ''
three airplanes on display with a safety fence . A U.S. Air Force C-130 Hercules aircraft fires a small launcher at a U.S. military compound in southern Afghanistan on April 6 , 2014 .
a motorcycle rider some trees going down a narrow street . It was about 11pm when they got up and got out of the car . I walked into the store and came across a few of the 'green ' people who
an old picture of a family on their farm , where they had been holding a baby , the family is described as a `` pretty happy bunch '' of people who grew up together , had a good education , and were ``
a bathroom with two urinals and a trash can . We were having a beer and we decided to go ahead and start going out , which was about an hour before we got back at the police station . We were told
an older asian woman fixing food on their floor . They took a break , and went back to their dorm . It was only a day or two before the kids would come to school . The first day was
this is a bathroom that looks to be in use and I 'm sure that you do n't see any signs of it , but I 'm not sure what kind of bathroom this is , and how did it fit ? ''
a white stove in a kitchen and a hot tub . There is a lot of room in the kitchen , but you have to bring your own food for the guests , who are not required . We usually have a
there is a light on in the oven . I am looking forward to it . '' Karen 's life changed so quickly that the only thing lingering from it was her own . She remembers seeing a man in
a kitchen cluttered with dishes with a menu of items ranging from chicken to pork to eggs . In the center of the room were two large bowls filled with dishes served with a salad . The chef and his fellow
a cream themed bathroom with a toilet , a bath and a pool . We 'll also be playing volleyball and hiking and playing basketball . We will also be adding a special dessert to our house that will be baked at
an airplane flying in a blue sky with no warning . The pilot thought they were being followed . It was too late . `` We 're flying in a blue sky , '' he said . `` It 's no
an office desk with antiques underneath a desk at the University of Maryland Amherst College of Art and Design . The office 's window is a little like a barbed wire fence as you walk through the building , where
an office with both a desktop computer and a desktop mobile device . The office was completed last year , but the project was shut down last month due to technical problems . The office also has a number of
a wooden bathroom with a wooden toilet next to it . `` I 've been in the bathroom for more than three years and I ca n't believe it , '' she said . Inevitably , the women came and
a fully-stocked kitchen with no more than a single sink , and a single bathroom . The building 's front door , which opened to reveal a glass door into a spacious conference room , serves as an ideal place to
a man standing in a kitchen preparing food for the people of the city . The man had been caught in the act of ordering a woman to pick up a chicken and to leave it at the house . He then
an airplane flies low near a boat on the coastguard ship Uwe Heer , in the western part of the country . The boat is carrying the German woman , which is being held hostage by a group of men who
two military guys cutting a cake in half . A girl in a red tank top hat walks over to me and says , `` Hey , you 're here with me . I 'm in the middle of a battle , and I
two dogs sticking their heads out of a window , and a few of them being pushed out of their way . He 'd seen the dogs walking by , and he knew he was going to see them . He 'd
a towel hanging on a shower stall in a suburb of New York City . They left the store with a bag of cash and a few dollars in their pocket . They were seen leaving with $ 15 in
a ferry boat and a jet flying over the village of Kargil , on the way to the Turkish capital Ankara . The plane , which was carrying a crew of three men , was stopped at Lorta
a light green kitchen some cabinets a large metal sink a small wooden table and a table cabinet A typical table is 3 ' by 4 ' ( 1.0 m x 1.5 m ) in
a motorcyclist rounds a corner as he rides by his car . Police said the crash was reported around 7 p.m. on the southbound lanes of the northbound lane of the interstate around 5 p
a bathroom with a mirror sink towel and a towel holder , the new version of the bathroom is designed as a shower . The shower is also designed to look like a shower , but instead of a glass shower ,
people sit on a bench and wait for an official visit . The group is being held in a small corner of the building . There 's also a large table , with pictures of the group and a table with a
a photograph of a newly remodeled bathroom . The bathroom is a little less than a quarter-million square feet , but not quite as large as the one at Ritz-Carlton . It 's about 60
an empty bathroom has a tub and a shower . The house is being renovated . Bryant said the family was living on the third floor of the apartment when it was raided by police .
a lady is preparing a table with dishes , and the table is the table of the man . `` What is the man 's name ? '' `` The Lady of the Lady of the Lady of the Lady of
a one world airliner is set for take off from Singapore in a Boeing 737 on Wednesday , 14 November from Singapore 's International Space Station . ( Reuters ) A Boeing 737 is seen in this handout photo taken on
a man is riding a bike down a trail near the town of Humboldt , Oregon , in August . The accident happened on a trail that is designated as the `` Oregon Trail , '' a public-private partnership to
a small airplane flying next to a jet carrier . As you can see , the first thing you notice is that the aircraft has a very high level of fuel , which is why we have a very low fuel consumption
white stalls installed on the walls of a house in the city of Mardin . The first of these stalls was built in the early 1900s and was the only one of its kind in the country . When
dog in parking lot and on a leash . The dog was found by a homeowner in the area of I-75 and East Street , the police reports say . Police said the dog was removed from the
three people on motorcycles stopped in a parking lot outside the police station . The driver of the car , whose identity was not released , was arrested and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs and was released
a heritage building with big windows and next door to a church . The church is located on the north side of the street , on the corner of North and South Broadway . The building is owned by a
people standing next to a table with a young woman who 's about to be married , '' he said . `` I was thinking , 'What the hell is going on here ? ' And when I looked at the camera , it was
a full dressed marine is looking at his life . After hearing the story , a young man in a black suit walks over , starts talking , and looks at the man . `` What do you want ? '' he asks .
man on a bicycle riding on the road in New York City . He was shot in the head as he rode by the train . The investigation of the shooting has been released to the public. < |endoftext| > When
a brown bathroom with a sink and white flooring . The floor is bare . It 's dark with a few trees . Outside we have no sign of the police . We walk past the house and we hear the
there is a pink toilet seat on the ground , but I just wanted to make sure there was a toilet seat on the ground at all times . '' But while the incident was being investigated , the police were unable to
a man in a red jacket and a black shirt . He 's a bit of a mystery . He has a tattoo of a tiger on his arm . It says `` Shoot the tiger . '' He looks very scared .
there is a wooden bench in a wooden shed at the end of the road and there is a hole in the ground , so you have to stand there and look at your phone . `` You ca n't stand there
dirt bike rider driving through the trees . `` We have no other way , right ? '' he said . The police and fire department did not respond to requests for comment . Read or Share this
men 's restroom with toilet and urinals , is `` the most important thing that 's happening in our country right now , '' said Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . The Associated Press contributed to this report. < |endoftext| > A new
two dogs in the car looking outside of the house . `` I 've just heard the news , '' he said . `` We 're all in shock . It 's like a huge earthquake or something . I 've got my
a towel hanging on the bar in the front of the bar . `` I 've been watching your show and I know you 're going to be fine . The show is on a Monday night . '' When asked
a dog with a helmet and sunglasses in the parking lot of her home in the early morning hours of July 22 . The dog was found by a passerby outside her home , and the dog 's owner , who is not
an empty bathroom with one ceramic sink and a toilet in the bathroom . `` She wanted to make sure that she had a place where her kids can have a good time , '' she said . `` She was really excited
two birds are sitting perched on a tree , and they have no idea what they 're doing . `` When you talk about birds , they 're a big part of our heritage , as well as being part of our
a girl sitting on a bench in front of the bathroom . The victim 's mother told police she saw the teen running down the street after he allegedly hit her . She said she saw the girl standing next to the
airplane flying through clear sky leaving vapor trails after landing . The aircraft flew until it could fly over a large area with no warning and could not go back into the area as it was too far away . The
a man in uniform is looking at his watch , not the camera . The man is wearing a ski mask , and is probably looking for the camera . It appears to have been taken from a nearby vehicle . The
a man in on an old fashioned big gun and shooting him in the leg . The suspect later died at the hospital , according to police . The shooting happened at about 4:30 p.m. ,
a man and woman reacting to a motorcycle accident . Photo : Scott Strazzante , The Chronicle Buy photo window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' ,
the room has a portrait of a lady seated beside her , and a photo of a black man standing next to her . `` The other thing I want to tell you is that I 've been waiting for this for this long
a young child standing on a chair mixing sugar and water , with a couple of kids in front of the curtain , one of them wearing a pink shirt with a pink cross , the other a long white sleeveless dress
elderly people are sitting on a stack of paper and looking at it . It looks like it 's the first time I 've seen something like it . `` It 's like a giant piece of paper
a bathroom has green walls and a glass toilet with a sink . The bathroom is located in the same building as the women 's residence . The bathroom is also equipped with a window . When you take a look inside
three mercedes benz on the top of the 'T ' on the 'N ' because it was the only one in the car , we were still the only ones that had a lot of fun with the cars and it
a man sitting on a parked motorcycle on a stretch of highway and stopped to talk to a woman who was driving on the opposite side of the highway . The man 's name was not released , but police said they
a dirty kitchen with pots , and knives and a few things that you ca n't stand . I went back to the old home to pick up a book I had just brought . I bought my first book , The
a train on the tracks has a black background , but the tracks are on the right . The track on the left has a blue background , but the tracks are on the left . In the background , there is
a man sitting on a chair in front of a computer table , a man sitting on a chair with a gun in his hand . The officer was shot several times and the man died instantly . The shooting was described
a man sitting on a curb with a pistol in his hands was shot and killed by a police officer in the middle of the night . An eyewitness said the man was sitting in a car with his left hand on his waist
an empty bathroom with a sink , toilet and a shower , and a closet full of diapers . `` She 's my child , '' she says . `` It 's so simple . '' `` You did n't go to
a man in the kitchen preparing food for the children . `` They tried to make me look like a pig but it was just a little pig , '' he said . `` I 've never seen pigs grow up in a
a cat sniffing at a upside down window in front of the house and then a second one at a very different spot on the property . The cat sniffing was a `` toss '' of a nail ,
a public bathroom with two urinals on it . We were there for three days and we were able to have a full-on beer and a full-on drink . It was a good experience , '' he says. ``
a person riding a bicycle down a road can be in violation of this section . ( 2 ) A person wearing a helmet shall be subject to the requirements of this section if he or she is wearing a helmet that
two urinals and a sink in a bathroom . While working on my third , I took a bath and took my shower . I was completely naked . The bathroom was completely empty . And then the bathroom door was open like
a woman riding a horse in front of a police car , who was shot and killed by a mob at the scene on June 3 , 1994 . '' The victim was a 14-year-old girl who was riding in the
a dog has a plastic protector around his neck that he wears on his back when he 's out on the road . The dog has a plastic protector around his neck that he wears on his back when he 's out
a couch and chair are surrounded by bookshelves of books at the back of the house . She also has a small refrigerator and a small freezer . There is a large table with a chair and some other furniture .
a birthday boy with car shaped cake and the other boy gets a gift for his birthday . I do n't know why he gets a gift , but he gets it because he 's a normal kid and he gets to be a
a brown dog standing on the kitchen floor with his paws on the counter . `` I 'm sorry , but you 're too old for this . The food here is too hard for me . '' `` You 're old ,
a bathroom is very colorful with blue yellow lights that appear to be floating in the air . There are even some very unique lights for women , such as the light that can be seen on a man 's shoulder when he 's
a large scree tv sits in the corner of the screen . The big screen is the main screen of the tv . The tv is about as big as a large flat screen TV , so that 's what I think you 're
two , small , colorful birds perched on top of each other and a pair of flamingos and a few other birds who look about the same . This year , the world has become a little more familiar with the
a little dog next to a motorhome . '' A spokesman for the Ontario Provincial Police told CBC News it 's not clear how many incidents involve dogs in the province . The news agency said it was investigating the
a woman standing near a cake with candles in a front door . The man is in his late 30 's . The woman is wearing a white T-shirt and a black polo and her hair is not cropped .
a wooden outhouse has a pretty white roof with a green , black and white front porch . We 've also been to the first of five new facilities in the area , and we 'd like to see them all
a woman in orange and a woman in black in black , a pair of black and white images with a caption reading `` Culturing women . '' It 's a bold statement , but one which represents a very real shift in
a man driving with his dog in the back seat of his Chevy Impala . `` We were heading back in the truck to our house , '' he said . `` We were driving down the street and we got a
a dog wearing a protective head piece looking like a giant dog with a tail , a dog with a tail that looks like a rabbit , and a dog with a tail that looks like a rabbit , and maybe a rabbit with
an old style kitchen with baby blue cabinets . It 's open to the public and is open to the public for all events . We like this location because we have a great food truck and we have a huge selection
a dog with a clear cone on its head . Advertisement It 's an unassuming place , but it 's still very special . It 's home to a whole range of animals , from the majestic yellow-
two photos-one of a stone building at the top of the building and one of a giant billboard in front of the building . This was on April 30 , 2012 . The buildings were demolished on May 13 , 2011 .
a man riding on old fashioned bike in a snowmobile . His family , who were at the funeral , are now waiting for the court case to be decided . `` My brother 's body has been found
a collection of photos of an old motorcycle factory in London , as well as a photo of a man wearing a suit from a movie . The museum is not looking to replace the `` Ride the Light Bike ''
two people riding bikes alongside a bus on the road near the city centre in central London . A woman riding a bike on the road near the city centre in central London . Witnesses said there were about
a man sitting in a window ledge with his mother , standing over him with his arm around his shoulders . They are , of course , surrounded by people , but not by a single person . I ask him if
a little girl in ponytails holding on to her hair and peering into her dark hair , and then saying , `` What 's up , kid ? '' After all , she had already been out of the office ,
police officers riding bikes in the city at the time of the shooting . `` We are not talking about a random incident , like the one that happened at the end of Thursday night , '' said Sgt . Dave Boud
two colorful birds siting on a tree . ( Photo : LATE NIGHT FLUTTERY ) The bird 's body is covered with a green ball of silk , which can be used to wrap around
a colorful public restroom with striped walls and a wall of glass . The bathrooms were part of the `` new city '' and were designed to be a `` new place for the people , '' said one of the people who
several people sitting on motorcycles that are too late to see her . The woman , who can be heard telling the driver to get out of the car and back out of the car , turned the car around ,
a woman in a bikini top shearing off her breasts . I saw her and my boyfriend in a crowded bar . I told her to get out of there and get back on her feet . The blonde guy was sitting down
a very clean and cozy looking kitchen that has worked great for me . It 's super simple to make and is a perfect way to spend a night or two . I love the smell of fresh veggies and the smell of fresh
man preparing dinner in the kitchen with under his arm . `` They 're talking about the cost of their lives , and they 're talking about a place they 're going to stay . It 's so depressing . I do n't want
split image of inside outside small bathroom window . S.S. A.C.W.A.T . has been operating outside of the city since September 2010 , the last month for which it was identified
the backend of a car with a large range of features , the car is not always as effective . I know many car enthusiasts still use the old-school model and know that it ca n't be improved . However , you
a service man is looking at his celibate wife . `` He 's a hard-working guy , '' he replies . `` He 's a good guy . He 's a kind and kindhearted guy . He 's a very
a refrigerator next to a red wall in his yard . He has a large , round-shaped window that opens into a black or gray room . He keeps a book on his desk that has a `` I 'm Sorry ''
a room with a ladder , small table and a large wooden chair . A young man 's hand made the shape of a cross that was tied to a tree . `` I like it there ! ''
an airplane is flying high in the cloudy skies above the city of Gare du Nord , it has been spotted with a black jet . And the jet is flying high in the cloudy skies above the city of Paris .
a photo of a vintage motorcycle and its logo . A photo of the motorcycle with its name on the back . A photo of a vintage bicycle with a motorcycle sticker and a sticker on the front of the bike . A photo
two motorcycles are parked next to one another , which is why they 're called `` trolls '' . `` They are being chased and chased by cyclists , so they are very aware of when they 're not going to
a dog tied up to a vehicle at a gas station in the city 's southwest end . `` It was a nightmare , '' said Officer Peter Kiely , an FBI agent at the station . `` I would go
a parade of motorcycles in front of a house in the city 's historic district . The parade was organized by the city 's Motorcycle and Bicycle Commuter Association , which organized the event , and the city 's Bike
a woman standing over a table of food , a small box of milk , and a cardboard box of food . It is a small-time crime . The man is in a mental institution . The man is being
a dimly lit kitchen with a stove , a microwave , a fridge , and a phone . The kitchen is equipped with a large refrigerator , a large freezer , and a large microwave . The kitchen is equipped with
a white dog standing by a sign on a wooden fence . He was the first black dog to be allowed to walk through the fence . In May , when the city of Baltimore announced it would ban dog displays ,
the dog with a flee collar watches television . `` This is your dog , '' she says , `` so try to catch it . '' The dog 's owner , a former dog trainer , says he had no idea of the
a group of dirt bike racers in New York City , took over the racing series as the only team in the world . The team eventually had to be disbanded , but in the early 1990s , the bikes ' popularity
a sink with a round mirror on the ceiling . `` This is what we call a 'chisel ' . It 's a straight blade . '' The blade is a bit too long for the hand , but the
a young man holding a phone perches in his lap . The boy is identified as 20-year-old Ahmed Ali Mohammed Sadiq . He was arrested on Thursday and was taken to the police station in the
a pretty young girl smiles at the camera . Her eyes are wide open and her lips are wide open . The camera shows her looking at her mother , her parents and her mother 's face . She looks at her mother and
a fancy bathroom with a vanity mirror above the bed , a pool table , and a glass of wine . My mom had been working at a house full of women who were very , very unhappy . It was a big part
a woman puts the finishing touches on several of her favorite items at the `` Boys ' Home '' on the campus of Michigan University . ( AP Photo/Bill Pugliano ) In the weeks before the election
a car driving in an intersection , past a stop sign , and going through traffic . The judge also found that the officers used excessive force , and that the officer was wearing a chokehold . D .
a bathroom scene with focus on the toilet . `` I do n't think there 's anything in the movie that is so important that you ca n't do it without being distracted by the camera , '' said Gervais .
a woman in black sits on a park bench , and the group of women in black , who are standing by , stare at the ground . They look at the man holding the knife and ask : `` How did she get
a boxed tv and sofa with a lamp . I walked out with a large bag of snacks , a banana , and a few cups of coffee and some ice cream . It was the end of lunch .
a busy office desk holds a laptop computer . I 'm standing in front of the desk , and there 's a group of people waiting for me . I 'm not sure if they 're going to be at the office
six people in a boat rowing on a small island off the coast of Iceland . We were very lucky to come to the island and get a good view . It 's a unique place , it 's a unique
a chef in a kitchen preparing a meal and also to make sure that there is no smoke or fumes . `` I was at a party and they 're running out of ingredients and they 've got a lot that they
a man in the kitchen putting a bottle of water on the table . And there 's a small man sitting on a bench , just as they say , in front of him . He 's the youngest of the bunch . He
a group of rescue workers helping an overturned truck , while another rescue worker tried to help hold a man who had been shot in the leg . A gunman in the truck shot the victim three times . The group of
a large commercial airplane sitting on the runway in San Antonio , Texas Getty Images 6/50 29 September Residents trying to salvage belongings from their homes which collapsed after an earthquake and tsunami hit Palu on Sulawesi island on
the woman rides on a horse walks in the park on Saturday , Sept. 11 , 2015 , in Washington . ( Photo : AP ) The woman who left a Washington park in a white Ford Explorer and then sped
a group of people are around the upside-down side of the pyramid . The pyramid is the best place in the world to go to get a meal or a drink because it has a great view of the entire
a toilet with an object hanging off of it . What happened ? I was at a party and I was in a car and I was wearing headphones . So I grabbed a handkerchief , got my headphones off and it
an old tv is placed next to an old TV . This would make it easier to watch live TV as well , there are no other options . There are two different types of antennas available , one is
a woman smiles and holds up a pair of headphones , giving the guy a long , raucous , `` That 's the last thing I want that you guys are doing . '' `` And you know what ? I
a woman sitting at a table holding up a map of the world . I asked one of the people to explain , but he said , `` Well , if we do n't want to go in the direction that we
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet . And the last three months have been one of the most difficult . `` I 've had to go to the hospital and do a lot of rehab work . But
a bathroom with a toilet , sink and shower . `` This is n't a home for the homeless , '' she said . `` I ca n't say this is my home , but I 'm happy that it 's here . ''
a car in front of a furniture shop on June 17 , 2015 , in San Diego . The couple , who were divorced in 2015 , had lived together for four years . ( Photo : Michael Macor , AP )
a woman sitting on a bench in a hotel room in Beijing , in a photo posted by the woman in front of the house in which she was found . The family of the woman said her body had been found on a
a motorcycle police officer is writing a ticket for the assault of a public servant . The officer , who is not named , says he has no experience with such situations , but said he is familiar with the issue .
a small tiled bathroom with a toilet at the back . The house is still being renovated and is being used for recreation , the mayor said . The property has been vacant since 2003 and was sold in
a family stands outside their home by horses . Police said they have arrested a 24-year-old woman who they say was involved in the theft of her family 's home in the 1200 block of South Jackson
there is a toilet with the seat up , so I ca n't really see how anyone could get in there without actually getting wet . '' It is unclear how long the woman will remain at the hospital . The
a man and woman stand with a motorcycle on the street outside of the hospital . Photo courtesy of the hospital The man and woman who were injured in a motorcycle crash are being treated at the hospital in Los Angeles .
an empty bathroom with a shower next to the bathtub . Advertisement Continue reading the main story And that 's without even mentioning the fact that this was not the first time two people had been shot by police
a four engine jet transport airplane flying low over the town of Tromsø , Norway , on Monday . It was registered to the Norwegian Air Transport Association ( OA ) on Sept. 1 , 2015 .
a bathroom that has been gutted with a series of large-scale structural repairs since 2004 . A man who works at an industrial park near the site is pictured in 2008 . ( Photo : Peter Molyne
a bathroom with a mirror , sink and a towel and no place to put it . The most important part of this was the toilet . We had to wash our hands . I never had a problem with
a person is taking a picture of a person , a photograph of a person or a photograph of a person , or a person who is to pose for a photograph by that person or by that person 's consent , or a
a young woman in black spotted tights , and a white woman in olive-tinted topaz . `` I 'm a little surprised , but I feel like we 're just getting started , '' she said .
a blonde woman sitting on a park bench . I was like , `` No , no , no . It is n't . You know , I am a woman . And I am a woman because I love and respect you . ''
a man putting a bottle in his jacket . But if I had a shot , I 'd probably go for it . I 've been writing about the recent spate of suicides by young men over the last couple of years
a kitchen cluttered with dishes and other items . `` So we were sitting there and I was like , 'This is a kitchen , ' and I just went , 'Oh my God , I just made it up
a person is melting silver over a candle , '' said Dr. Robert F. Haffner , a professor of electrical engineering and a former deputy secretary of the Energy Department . `` We did n't hear about this until we were
two men wearing aprons working in a factory in the town of Jharkhand , south of Delhi . ( PTI ) At a rally in north Delhi on Thursday , a man dressed in a white and
a stove top with an oven with clockwise movement to prevent the flame from spreading out . The timer is off . Rated 5 out of 5 by JG from Very versatile , very happy I bought this stove for
a gray car driving by a city bus stop . The girl , who had been on the bus for five hours at the time , said she saw the man drive past and then she heard a loud bang .
a small airplane is flying across the sky on a training mission . This is the second time the pilot has spent a day training with a small plane . Travelling with a small airplane is one of the most
bathroom with a sink , toilet , a desk and a table . He 'd be right in front of the TV , watching the game on TV , and there 's the next person to take the picture. ''
a park bench in front of a porch , and then a few more steps back to the car , where both men were waiting . Advertisement '' I was just trying to get my feet wet , and I
view from above of a toilet and waste water . They were left in the middle of the street . `` They were not very good . We tried to get them out but they were not very good . We went
the side of a passenger rail train with a passenger-carrying passenger in the back . `` I would n't say that this is going to be a problem for the passengers – it 's a little bit like a
lady on horse in front of baron , and then at the entrance of a large house , and he found a great many horses . He then came to a place called the Punt , and there he found a
a rotten door leading into a restroom covered in feces . The suspect entered the room and began trying to talk to the victim . One of the suspects grabbed the victim 's hand and then threw the victim 's body in
a woman holds a pair of scissors at the entrance of a store . Linda V. Rupp , a reporter for The New York Times , also reports that the Supreme Court ruled in 2012 that corporations have the
a man and woman in the kitchen preparing to leave the house , and he said he was going to get his wife and children , but the woman said she would n't go through with it . He said she was just going
a man riding an unusual bike along a trail that has been a focus of his life . The man stopped at the trailhead in the woods around 9:08 p.m. on Wednesday and was on his
a deep freezer and refrigerator are displayed together , with a large selection of food and drinks in the refrigerator . The kitchen is also open to guests when they arrive at the hotel . The Hotel 's hotel room
a bathroom is shown with a tub and a shower , plus a bathtub and bathtub with a shower . The bathrooms also have separate showers and a shower stall . The bathroom is used by the students and parents
a group of motorcycles parked side by side on the highway . It is very hard to see these cars when they are moving and do not look like a motorcycle at all . When they are in a position where they are moving
a cat standing on a toilet with an open , broken , and broken eye . One of her friends was a local , and we were really happy to see those two people . We did n't want to be judged , but
the interior of an old fashioned bathroom with a small window on the left . One of the windows is open , and the door is open . In the back of the room , on the left side , there is
a bathroom with two sinks near towel and dishwasher , or a bathtub with two sinks near bathroom sink and dishwasher , and a bathtub with two sinks near shower . In some counties , the bathroom sink
a man peddling a bike along side the road , and a man who went after a cyclist who was riding in a red Toyota Prius . The man who got punched by a man in a red Toyota Pri
a group of bikers riding motorcycles on the outskirts of the town of Molenbeek . `` That would be a major accomplishment , as it would be a major event , '' said Rolf Knees ,
two motorcycles parked on a bricked sidewalk on the street . They were the only ones who saw the crime , which was reported to police . Cops say the driver had a `` high-speed pursuit , '' then
a man is putting something in his jacket pocket that is going to cause him to be a little bit disoriented . He 's going to be in an awkward position where he could not even get his shirt off and his pants
a jet airliner sits in front of the house of a woman who was killed in an explosion in the Yemeni capital Sanaa , Yemen AP 11/40 2015 - April Isis fighters capture a military parade in Raqqa , Syria AP
a man on a motorbike is shown in the documentary `` The Story of The Woman Who Could n't Sleep '' ( 2007 ) . The film follows the story of the mother of a woman who was killed by her husband in
two small birds sitting on a piece of land with a bird 's head . The bird 's head is one of six possible angles in the flight of the bird . In many cases , the bird 's head is on
a restroom with two sinks and a red light . The incident was reported at 6 p.m. Oct. 26 at the corner of North and E. 6th Sts. , about 4200 E. 6
a beautiful woman sitting on a bench next to me , and I am so happy she 's here . She 's so beautiful . And because I have no idea what she 's doing , I really want to know if she 's
several people are lining the streets watching and making their voices heard . Hans Heidegger wrote about the influence of the Enlightenment on his book The Philosophy of Language in The New York Times in the late 1950
a kitchen filled with appliances dishes and a large salad bar . The place was a great place to eat and drink with friends , so I was happy to be able to enjoy the food . My brother and I were in the
a bathroom that is under construction with a private bathroom . The women and their children also have a small space in the back door of the building where they will shower . The toilet is about 15 feet from the women
a cubicle with several computers on desks ; we had a little back room which allowed for the best of both worlds . The next day I was back at the hospital and we had a big meeting . I did n't really
a toilet is sitting outside on a sidewalk and it makes me laugh . `` It 's a real waste of money . You 're trying to spend it on a toilet that 's just going to last the life of it
a small compact car driving past a furniture store in an old neighborhood . The car is parked right next to a large building . The car is parked right next to a large building . The car is parked
a chef in a kitchen standing next to a glass of wine . `` This is not a big deal , and I think the world is safer , '' says the chef . `` We do n't have to worry
a colorful public restroom focused on the sinks and showers . The building was built in 1915 by the United Methodist Church , which also owned the building , according to the Los Angeles Times . The building is part
a restroom with a toilet and sink and a shower with a restroom . It is located at the corner of Bowery and Sutter Streets . Mason 's has been in business for 25 years .
a toilet is shown with a pair of yellowish-orange eyes . Trivia Edit < |endoftext| > A new study shows that many adults have lower body fat than the general population , and that this may be due to a combination
a bathroom with white fixtures , a red bed , a white sofa with black cushions , and a red and white , white board game , which was a big part of my childhood . My dad 's brother had
a urinal is displayed with modern porcelain . You will not be able to see the inside of urinal but will be able to feel your breath in the toilet as well . In the toilet , the inside of
a bathroom with a sink , toilet and shower . A male cat is also a welcome sight . A woman , identified only as `` Gilda '' but wearing a black dress with a black belt , is also allowed
two men holding a knife on the cake . The pair are accused of stealing a cake from a woman who was shopping for a wedding gift and then stabbing her to death in the attack . The victim was
multiple shots of motorbike is shown from the same area of the city ( Photo : Google Maps ) In San Francisco , police are investigating a fatal crash between two motorcyclists near the Golden Gate Bridge and Golden
a large airplane flying over a grassy field . Another of the passengers is a black man , dressed in plain clothes , who is wearing a large black suit and tie . The man is a white man , but he is
the chef has already canned several jars of rice , but the new one will have a very large , white , and black container . The rice is not going to be refrigerated at all – it will be on the shelf
a european street scene with a mix of social , artistic and commercial developments . This was also the year it took place , with the first major project being the establishment of the Trolley Station . There are also a
a little boy with earphones on listening to his favorite music . But there is still one thing that he always wanted to do , which was to start school . `` I was doing a video for a project called
a couple bicyclers ride on the street . A few blocks away , an officer is in the middle of a traffic stop . The officer , who then tries to get the bicyclist off the road , stops him
a bathroom with a picture and red and blue striped paper towels on it . I asked my wife what she was doing and she said : ' I 'm a woman ' . ' I 'll get out of here at this
two white sinks in a bathroom with a mirror , and two black sinks in the bathroom with a mirror . A security guard at the house told police that the woman asked about the sink 's contents . She told police
a photo of a building with a clock on it , as well as a plaque that reads , `` A monument to the American Revolution , the founding of the republic , and the preservation of Liberty . '' The Washington Post
a bathroom with vanity , sink and toilet . He was very active with his children . He started at the end of the year and then went to college . He got a master 's degree in physics . He went
a room with decorations on a shelf and a bed . It was a simple room , but its layout and color was a little strange . I could see a lot of people were looking at the bed . I could
an airplane on the runaway near the roads of the town of Bologna . That was the last one I saw , and the last time I saw it I could not explain a single word . I was about
a little boy standing next to a car that is parked in front of his home . `` I just want to say , sorry for the pain this has caused , '' the boy said . `` But I do know that
a brown dog in a kitchen with hardwood floors and a large , wooden fireplace . The dog was so healthy — she was able to walk on her own , and had a healthy diet — that she was adopted
an outhouse is shown with a toilet . One of the bathrooms is not used for the toilet . In the third episode , Dr. Dukes tries to find out if she is the person who took the pills
two large commercial airplanes sitting on the runway of the World Trade Center , and the Boeing 757 , the world 's longest and most powerful airliner , and the United Airlines Boeing 757 . The World Trade Center 's
a building with a black and gold clock . The other black and gold items were the three most significant items in the city , and the other two were the two most important items . The Black Lotus and the Black
a street scene with a car passing by . A man was arrested at 2:30 p.m. and charged with two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . A 23-year-old man was
a restroom urinal mounted on a green table . The restroom was also equipped with a bathroom stall that housed a bed and bathroom counter . On Feb. 5 , 2016 , the City of Orlando and the City of
a group of people sitting around a table in the front row , in their late 40s or early 50s . `` The women , they all looked like they were trying to make it in this industry , '' a
a toilet outdoors near a building and an underground sewer , while the rest of the city sleeps on top of the old one . The new plan calls for the development of seven separate small developments to be installed within a
an airplane parked in the middle of a busy intersection . The three men were taken into custody Tuesday afternoon and are expected to appear in court Wednesday morning . Police are asking anyone who sees a suspicious activity to
a large stone building with a clock face over it on the top of the structure and an upper right corner with a circular staircase at the center of it , this is the entrance to the building . The entrance is
a towel hangs beneath a sink in a room in a house in the upscale suburb of St. Petersburg . Two men have been charged with the murder of the couple , who were reported missing on May 10 . The pair spent
a car over turned on a city street . The driver of the car was killed . There were no injuries reported at the scene . Police said there are no active suspects in the case . No
a bathroom with a bath tub near windows and to the bathroom at a neighboring house . It was a long time ago , but a year or more ago , a man from the south was out on a hunting trip
a well lit kitchen with polished wooden floors , a large kitchen with glass walls , and a large kitchen with polished wooden floors and a large kitchen with polished wooden floors , and a large kitchen with polished wooden
there are two images side by side , but the one above is an entirely different one . So , you can see that the two images are just different : the one with the high-res version of the screen
a laptop and desktop on a corner desk . While it 's true that the current system is not a perfect design , it 's a reasonable and solid design that will allow you to use it with a high degree of
a rusted door leading to an old office building . The building was built in 1856 and was a major hub for the trade in metal and timber . Boys were born . The first girls were born by
a motorcycle parked next to a yellow object . Police said there was no foul play and there were no injuries. < |endoftext| > The next time you 're on a plane and you 're trying to get up in the middle of
a person rides a bike down the road , but the bike is going up next to you , so you ca n't get out of it . So if you 're riding a bike that 's not going up next to you ,
a crowded city street with lots of people and a mix of people who are in all sorts of different kinds of situations . I do n't know what that means , but at least it seems to be there .
a man stands next to a motorbike , whose only goal is to run his bike over the fence . The man is carrying a shotgun . The man is carrying a shotgun . The man is standing on the grass
a cook stands at the counter with a small bowl of rice . He stands there in his chair , watching the entire thing , trying to stay away from the diners . `` I think you 're going to be
a bathroom scene is shown with a tub of semen in her ass . While on the job , she also gets some `` pinky '' butt cheek on his penis . She also has a pretty face and
an elaborate contraption on a water faucet , for example , and is also known as the `` Muleman . '' When the Muleman is not present , it simply follows that it is not moving and will
chefs preparing food in a professional metallic fashion , while the food in the restaurant is prepared with the exact ingredients for cooking . We are currently looking at several options for the restaurant as the menu has changed so much
two cups of black coffee sitting next to a white table . At one point , he was approached by a man who seemed to have a black headband tied around his waist , and who also had a black beard
a person riding a bicycle with a large amount of blood , feces , vomit , vomit on the sidewalk or in the street , or in a vehicle having a high alcohol content , alcohol consumption , or other substance .
two desktop computer monitors sitting on a desk , and the monitor is set to the same resolution as the monitor that you are trying to use ( like your standard desktop ) . In the process of looking at these settings ,
jumbo jet comes in for a landing . The aircraft was built by Lockheed Martin and operated by the Pratt & Whitney Air Force Base . The jet was built by Boeing and has been in the production line
a woman riding a horse in front of the house . She was wearing a white tunic and gold earrings , and her hair flowed in a ponytail . She had a dark green hairline and a white trim to
a commuter train traveling down train track next to the Eiffel Tower in Paris Getty Images 4/14 Paris Metro trains arrive in Paris Reuters 5/14 Paris Metro trains arrive at the station on train tracks in Paris EPA
a bathroom with a small odd shaped toilet bowl . They were at the gym in the morning and there were no signs of any problems . One of them said this to me . `` We 've been in
two street signs are shown against more buildings in the downtown , downtown and downtown areas of the city . The intersection of Sixth and First is the only one where a yellow line is shown . `` The yellow line is
a bathroom with a sink a small mirror , a desk covered with a blanket , and a pair of pants . He gave her a kiss and a kiss to the lips and the head , while he also kissed her nose .
egyptair airplane standing on the tarmac of the International Space Station , in the background , while the Soviet Union 's space program was in its infancy , in the 1970s and 1980s . The US space
a display of a toilet and sink in the village of Kargadar . The village of Kargadar is about 40 kilometres long , and lies about 50 kilometres north of Kargadar . It
a kitchen with a window a sink and a kitchen sink . We did n't want to get in the way of the kids being able to get out of their room , '' he said . The three children were in the
multiple bowl like structures are shown with piping system , but there are a lot of different types of pipes . In this study , we used a series of tests that looked at the structure of a pipe . As you
a group of people sitting at desk using computers to work on the project . `` We are here to help people get their work done , '' said a senior investigator with the FBI 's Counterterrorism Center . `` We are
a plane on an air port run way behind the Soviet Union . The Soviets and Western allies used this tactic to bring down the U.S. planes in the Korean peninsula . The plane , a U
an all white bathroom with toilet and sink . I do n't know if I want to be a guy or a woman . And that 's not an option . '' What kind of men are attracted to women who are all
a empty restroom with a white toilet and a black toilet . The woman was arrested and charged with assaulting the woman , who was wearing a white shirt that suggested a black face . Her attorney , Jay Krasny
a baseball player bobble head next to that , but still , there was a great moment . `` I was just so happy to see his body come back for the first time , just to see all those good
a person riding a dirt bike on a dirt bike track. < |endoftext| > The United States will be able to use its massive military budget to fund a global security program that would use more than $ 30 trillion in taxpayer money to train
a person sitting on a toilet while operating a cell phone . He said : `` It 's a situation that needs to be addressed . If you ca n't have a conversation about it , it 's totally inappropriate . `` < |endoftext| >
kitchen sink and countertop with kitchen sink . Bentley 's is also on the hunt for another building to renovate its old home . The original apartment was built in the 16th century and
an airplane taking off over a field next to a gas station , the plane continued to travel east . The crew reported a strong wind and saw a flash of lightning . The plane hit a parked car .
a dog standing on the street next to the train station . This is the first time police have arrested a man for allegedly sexually assaulting a woman . He was taken into custody after two men tried to rape
two large jetliners sitting on airport runways . The new aircraft are called 'Jaguar ' and are built by French company Lufthansa . According to the report , the aircraft have
a large clock towers next to a forest . Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
four urinals next to each other with a razor blade . The woman , who was wearing a long-sleeved black dress , was wearing a black top with a black skirt . She walked a few steps ahead of
it is a scene of a crash with a man screaming , `` Help ! '' after being hit by a car . In the scene , a bystander can be seen on the left and a man on the right .
toilet and sink on display in a public place , while the government has been under pressure from human rights groups to give more information about the role of the police and the military in the conflict . The government has
a park bench casting a shadow on a row of seats , surrounded by benches . I stood there for a while , watching the crowd grow and the rows of people take turns staring at the seats in the back , wondering what
a large grey airplane flying through the sky . The flight took off from the runway at 15:30 and left the airport at 16:30 . The aircraft was seen flying through the sky over the L
a grey cat sniffing a bicycle in the parking lot of a grocery store . `` Why do n't you stop there ? '' he asked . A police officer pointed the cat at the dog and he followed .
a man and two women walking their dogs on a beach in Borneo . In the early hours of Sunday , May 27 , the woman 's car was found in the shallow water , with two men , the
a gray cat is looking at an upside down map of the earth . A black cat is playing with a black and white tile . A black cat is reading a red and white tile . A white cat is watching a black
a person riding a motorcycle on an enclosed roadway is guilty of a misdemeanor . ( a ) A person riding a motorcycle on an enclosed roadway is guilty of a misdemeanor if : ( 1 ) the person rides on a motorcycle in
two small cups filled with coffee next to a small bowl of whipped cream . Next , add the egg yolk , vanilla bean powder , salt , and pepper . Mix well . Add the vanilla bean mixture and mix
this is an image of a person riding a bicycle in the city of Chicago . The picture is in the city where it was taken . It was n't taken until late summer of last year , and the image will not be
a motorcycle parked in front of a car . The suspect , identified only as Samira , told police he had been on a motorcycle and was shooting at people from a car and the victim was shot .
a bathtub is beneath a torn down home and a couple of miles away , there is another vacant vacant house . This one is still under construction . But that 's not the only reason I 'm not going to look at
a shop a car traffic lights and buildings , and a motor home . He and his wife , who lives in the small town of Westville , have been living in the neighborhood since they were children . `` They
a close of a bobble head doll , you can get the full look in these lovely black and white prints. < |endoftext| > I 've already posted my review of the new V8 I received recently . This seems to be the
people on a city street with buildings in their sights . Some of the pictures were taken just before a bomb attack that killed seven people in the city 's main thoroughfare . A second explosion rocked a mosque in the
a woman sitting on a bench next to him . His head was covered in dust . He was a stranger . She looked at him and said , `` I 'm going to take care of you . '' I took a
there is a country styled kitchen with wood-paneled windows , a big fireplace , and a large kitchen space . This is the perfect place for a family or a group to meet up and cook together . '' But
a fancy bathroom with a clean toilet and a bathtub full of water , and a small wardrobe of clothes , such as a pair of underwear , and a piece of clothing that seems to have been taken from a local tailor
a kitchen has a refrigerator and ice chest to store your food . Make sure your food is clean and well-stocked . If your kitchen is not well-stocked or you are not able to
a small airliner proceeds down the runway on its way to the South China Sea via a riverbed and stops at the border between Turkey and Greece . At least 39 people were killed when the powerful earthquake sent hillsides crashing down
a chef in a kitchen with jars bowls , a blender , a fork , a mixer with a hand scoop to toss , and a knife to use with a mixer if needed . I like to create a few things
a group of people are using a row of red lights to control traffic . The police chief said : `` The city council has said it is working closely with the fire service to protect drivers and pedestrians .
a small bathroom with a toilet and a shower . In the bathroom area are a couple of plastic bags that have been used to pull out the bathroom mirror and to clean the bathroom . In a separate room
two helmeted riders proceed down a dirt road with a few others . Tucked into a corner , they are met by a pair of motorcycle skimmers . The skimmers pull out their helmet and give a brief
a motorcycle and a rider on a race bike . It was a huge hit . The driver , a man in his early 20s , was hit by a car on his back before being taken to the hospital .
a pair of cruising motorcycles seem from above to be the only ones capable of carrying the four-cylinder engine . The first-generation version of the car , which has been driven by a team for the past
an open door leading to a bathroom toilet , and a female student who was sitting on the back seat of her car was shot in the head . The incident happened about 3:30 a.m. July 2
a man standing in front of a motorcycle to look out over the river . A man in the middle of the street who asked not to be identified said he was about to go to the police when he heard a
two planes are placed next to each other , and they have no air-to-air missile defense systems on each other . Advertisement Continue reading the main story The Russians have their own missile defense systems ,
a clock is shown on the top of the screen . This is another example of the need to do something similar for a user interface that is not a very good one . A lot of people have asked if there
a small plane is taking off from a local airport . It 's a flight from Bangkok to Las Vegas , and the first time I saw it just was a few minutes after I left . It 's a small plane that 's
a hotel room with a flat screen tv and a few more things to do around town . The first day of the trip is a bit off , but it 's still a great way to get a break . The
a young soldier has his picture taken with his father and a friend who are in the village . The young soldier is attacked by a group of men and his father is killed . The young soldier 's father is not killed ,
blue motorcycle shown at different angles and different speeds . The main features of this motorcycle are the large frame , the fast-moving handlebars , and the fast-moving wheels . The small bike weighs only 7 grams
a person bicycles along the edge of the stream , which is often known as the `` backstreet '' . The area is also home to the famous `` Guns of the South '' restaurant which is open for business every
a kitchen scene is shown with appliances and a kitchen that was built in the 1970 's . The kitchen and kitchen were remodeled in the same location back in 1980 . The interior was re-designed in
portly bicyclist proceeds along the highway and a witness was able to stop him while he was driving . The cyclist had been speeding in the middle of the highway , but the bicyclist was stopped by a traffic
a cubicle desk with two laptops on the desk and an iPad . He also had a laptop with a laptop and a tablet in his room . He used the laptop only if it was in the office . He
two big dogs ride beside one another on the trail , the trail is wide and narrow . The main road , which leads directly to the trailheads , is narrow and narrow , with very few small gravel or wet spots .
a motorcycle parked in front of a graffiti-covered street in East Oakland , Calif. on Friday evening . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong ) By the time police arrived at the scene , the crime
a bathroom is shown with a sink and a toilet seat . The toilet seat and sink in this photo are shown just before they are removed in this video . There 's no doubt that the bathroom is the
a bathroom with a toilet and a sink . A police spokesperson said that the man was taken to hospital and is expected to recover . `` We want to stress that the incident is an isolated incident and police
a jumbo jet airplane in flight on Saturday . It was a Boeing 737-800 , which was registered to an unknown person in the United States , or one of the two Boeing 777-200s , which
a bathroom with an enclosed shower next to a shower stall . He said his wife was sleeping in her bed , and she was sleeping in his bedroom . He said : `` She was sleeping in the bed
three dogs are huddled together with their owners in a room , but it 's not like they have much to do . `` We want to bring people together as we 're trying to make a difference , '' says Lisa
an airplane jet flying through the air against the ground . The report also said that the plane was carrying about 20 people , including two children . The plane touched down near a small road near the town of
a bench sits on grass overlooking the street , with the sun set on the horizon . The village 's residents are all older than 90 , with their heads bowed back in the summer sun . The village 's
a group of vans traveling over a bridge on the outskirts of Donetsk in the Donetsk region on July 15 , 2014 . The vehicle was carrying 50 people , including two children , and was used by pro-Russian rebels to set
a man riding a red motorcycle in front of the police car , who had been shot in the head . The driver of the red bike was treated at a local hospital for shots to the head , the report said
a toilet with a sink on the back . The front wall is covered by a piece of wire and the back wall is covered by a piece of cardboard . One of the most common ways to get around is to
a kitchen with a bag from whole foods . It 's the perfect gift for a busy day . I ca n't imagine giving it to someone who does n't know how to cook . I have a great little book I
a bobble head is shown next to a white dot on the left side of the table . Below that is the color of the top row : The color of the bottom row is shown next to a red dot
a brown and white kitchen with a silver countertop . The kitchen is fairly large and is decorated with glass windows , and a large dining room is located just a few steps from the kitchen , with a set of silver-
a dog on a leash tied to a chair ; and ( c ) if the dog is not found , the handler shall make a report to the animal control commission as required by law . ( d )
a kitchen counter cultured with dishes and utensils . The first food I ever ate at a restaurant was the pork chop . I 've always loved the pork chop , and I 've liked every single one since . I have
a computer terminal sits adopt a wooden item , sometimes referred to as a `` chip '' or `` chipboard . '' The person is usually using an iPad or MacBook Air to communicate with the operating system . `` The idea
a teddy bear with it 's face stuffed into a hole . The bear then climbs into the hole and gets stuck in . It then climbs to the bottom and is trapped in . The bear then climbs back up
a man sitting on a pillar talking on a laptop . But he 's been sitting there for a week . `` It 's just not very much , '' he says . `` It 's fine . It 's fine . ''
a pair of navy officers cutting a cake for guests and setting it on fire , before fleeing the scene . It was not clear whether the man had been killed or injured in the incident . The incident is the latest
a motorcycle parked on the street in front of a church in San Francisco on Aug. 30 . ( Jonathan Ernst/Reuters ) A young woman walks past a sign that reads `` Free Speech and Freedom of Speech in
a picture of an old western family and a picture of a little boy with a big blue eye and a big red nose , and they just wanted to help . `` I was like , 'what the heck are
six men sitting at an outdoor table of the White House and two women sitting on the roof of the White House . Some of them were in their twenties or thirties . `` We had a lot of women
a pair of jet airplanes stand at rest at the base of Airstrike 's missile tower on Sept. 11 , 2001 . ( Tom Williams/Reuters ) The military plane 's two crew members were taken from the
a large church clock above a church door , which is open to the public . It is a wonderful idea to have this kind of place , in the middle of the street , and that is why I am so
a train that is moving past a residential neighborhood in Chicago . A new `` bicycle park '' is built adjacent to the park . The Chicago Police Department ( CPD ) is working with the Chicago Fire Department (
a airplane banking to the right as it makes an easy landing . It is a good idea to keep in mind that the speed of the airplane is about to change . The following table shows the speed and direction of
diners at an outdoor patio table at the restaurant , said he is thankful that he ca n't have to see other people . `` We 're trying to do our best to be as respectful as possible , '' said Tim
a calico cat drinking water from a nearby creek . The water is usually clear and clean . Pamela and I spent two days trying to find out what happened . We talked to a local veterinarian about the
two monitors and keyboards on the table in the living room . The screen was a dark oval , with a slight red border around the bottom . It was probably the same type of screen used for the Atari 2600 : one curved
a large ryanair jet moving on the horizon at a speed of about 200 km/h . It had a maximum speed of about 500 km/h . The satellite , known as P-1701 ,
bath tub with metal shower head , vanity or shower head , shower head or shower head 6 . The following is a list of bath tubs and shower heads that are part of the San Antonio Waterfront .
a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a chair , '' said the lawyer 's lawyer , who did not want the name of the lawyer to be revealed . The court also rejected the defense 's arguments that the woman was
a bathtub with water in it in front of the bathroom . The toilet was on fire . The police arrested three people , one was a student , and the other was a student . The first was arrested by
a woman sitting on a bench and a man holding a child in his arms . Police have arrested the two suspects and charged them with conspiracy to commit murder , a felony , for allegedly taking part in a deadly shooting
a collage of photos of a blue whale , and a pair of black whales . The photos were taken by a camera placed at the North Shore of Honolulu , Hawaii ( the whale is on the right ) . The
a man stands outside a shop on the corner of Nantucket Street and Bournemouth Place . `` He said he had asked to be interviewed but this police officer said he was not interested , '' said Ms D
four oval shaped urinals and all the other urinals , which have a hole in the opening , and in the middle are the urethra , the top of which is about half a foot . The urinal is
two people standing around in a large kitchen . `` I 'm not really sure what I should say to that person , '' he said . `` I 'm not sure how I 'm going to explain how they 're
a pink plastic toilet seat in a bathroom . `` We were told it was for a friend to play a game , but it was the only game and the only person to play was a child , '' he said .
a person riding a bicycle near a river is not legally allowed to use a sidewalk or sidewalk-protected shoulder , and a person in a wheelchair is not permitted to use a bicycle on a roadway where the sidewalk is provided .
a kitchen with an island and window over the house . `` The next morning we were in the kitchen with a chef and her son and we were going to get a coffee , '' he said . `` And then the
a man talking on a cell phone walking at night . He said he and his brother , David , had been drinking , and had been having a drink with friends on a recent Saturday morning . He said they had
a room with a bed and a television . The men had made a promise to me at the time but it never happened . I tried to explain , but I was too scared and could n't understand what they were
three elderly people sit on a bench near a fence in the courtyard of a hospital in Seoul , South Korea , in this file photo released on Dec. 9 , 2013 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji Kang/Files
a bathroom with a sink a mirror a mirror . The bathroom is very clean and clean and it 's very comfortable . It 's also great for when people are doing something else and you 're out of the shower .
a jal airplane is flying in the air at 0200 UTC , and the computer is broadcasting the time . This means that since we are on the ground at 0030 UTC , the computer is only transmitting the time as
two adorable dogs sitting in the back seat watching the TV . Their mothers were all over the place . `` Oh , I 'm so happy . '' Weighing in on a few of them , his eyes
a bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub . After he got in his car , she said , he took off his pants and panties . He told police she picked up the car and drove away .
a person on a motorcycle driving around a town or country is considered to be a 'high risk ' person . The new law will also make it a crime to drive or otherwise disturb a person on a motorbike
a living room with a chair and a desk set up like a desk , making you feel like you 're actually doing something . That can be frustrating , but you 're doing something . That 's what makes us great , and
two cosplaying people pose for a photo with each other at a pool table at the beach . The pool table is adorned with a pool table with a pool table with pool table with pool table with pool table with pool table
two dogs in the back of a car . The other dogs were all on the floor on a nearby couch . The dogs were screaming and laughing as they were attacked . The police were called to the scene .
a street in a down town area of the city . `` They 're just like any other family . They 're really , really nice , '' said one woman . The police officers were looking for a man and
a television playing in the corner of a room with three people in it , and it 's a lovely way to introduce the audience to it . I was very nervous , but I think I did a good job .
a large television set next to stone fireplace . It was covered with a white cloth . He wore a very broad shirt with a white shirt over his right shoulder . He did not have a hat nor a hatchet . He
a small boy next to a table upon which he was sitting . When he became aware that this was the only place he could see the man , he turned around and asked , `` Where is he ? '' The boy said ,
a large brown dog stands next to a large white cat , a large crescent moon , a small bear and a small baby bear . Each of these are large enough to fit within a very small space , but the larger
a man on the road next to a car he saw in a park . The man was driving with his friend , an 18-year-old , on a bike in the park when the two cars collided ,
a refrigerator and freezer placed next to one of the hot springs . `` It 's going to be nice to have a little bit of a cooling factor in there , '' said Steve , who was wearing a fleece hood
a photo of the camera peeking into his eyes . It was too early to tell if he was having a seizure or just a little dizzy . Advertisement But in the meantime , the teen was giving
vehicles full of materials sit on top of the road . At first the driver was scared and worried because the cars were moving and he could n't see . His friend , who was on the other side of the
a man poses with his motorcycle outside a cafe in Paris , France , April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer The incident , which has shocked Europe , has sparked demonstrations nationwide in France and Germany
a bath tub with a flexible shower head . The tub is also available in a wide variety of sizes and colors . The tub 's main feature is an adjustable shower head that can be accessed from the toilet on the
a kitchen refrigerator with numerous pictures held up as evidence . The man was wearing nothing but a white shirt and dark pants , with a black hooded sweatshirt with a black zipper . He was wearing a
a mounted police officer riding down a city street , he was called to the scene by a man suspected of being behind the shooting . The man said he had just bought a gun and was about to go to the
a row of motorcycles are parked across the street from the intersection of Henniker Street and Henniker Drive . The car drives past some of the small shops , and the driver pulls up behind them and takes off .
two dogs in the back seat looking out at each other as they looked at the road . One of the dogs was a mix of a pit bull and a pit bull terrier named Stacie .
a bathroom containing a toilet and a sink . `` We need to focus on the issues that are the most important to us and not focus on the issues that are the least important . We are not focused on the
a person heats metal in a spoon over a warm solution to get rid of the gas . In the following recipes , I will use the same method as I used to make this dish . The ingredients listed here should
a commercial jet is on the runway of a United States Airways commercial jet flying from New York to Hong Kong International Airport , Saturday , July 5 , 2014 , in New York . ( AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin )
a commercial airplane flying on a clear day in the night . We also have a good idea of how the aircraft is handling its flight , and the speed of its descent . The airspeed of the aircraft is 100
a motorcycle with a red seat is on the road . `` I was walking down the street when I saw that and it was like , ' I 'm not scared . ' `` Brett 's father , Dave , a
a person holds a flip phone displaying the date , time , and duration of the meeting . In some cases , the meeting may be postponed or deleted by the person 's employer . To contact the local office , call
a family kitchen with bright neon green walls and a pool table . The front of the room with a glass window . The kitchen with a wooded area . The basement with a huge outdoor pool . The dining room with a
a gentleman riding a horse down a city street . He was a master of the art of his craft . He was also quite adept at drawing . He was famous for being the first and only man to draw a large figure
a tan building with windows and a clock . It is located in the middle of the district in a narrow alleyway . An early morning of Sunday , May 31 , 2008 , two young men were walking down the
several people posing while cutting a large chunk of the ground , to the point where it is almost impossible to move the camera down the hill . `` The footage captures it in a very disturbing way . The person
a computer manipulated image of a man , identified as a man , to kill a woman and a man to kill a woman , as well as a man to kill a woman and a man to kill a woman and a man
a team of rowers row a canoe . He 's had a couple of years of success at the Olympics but he still likes to go to the river . `` It 's not a bad place to be swimming at
chef talking to people seated at a table and a couple of people standing next to each other . The couple took some food and some wine and I asked the waiter if he could give me some more . He said he
a home kitchen with lots of pictures and video . The family , from San Diego , is looking for someone to help them survive and rebuild their home . `` I hope to build a home for the future
a man rides a horse down a city street in the Philippines , on July 12 , 2015 . Hide Caption 3 of 19 Photos : Philippines ' rich and powerful A woman walks through the streets of Manila , Philippines , on July
a cat drinking water out of a sink . The cat was a little short , but he was a good cat . So , if it was coming for it , I would give it a chance to get back to a normal
a couple flying a kite at dusk or at night , as well as a couple of hundred people watching . The air was filled with birds , fish , insects , and plants , and as the pilots approached the runway the
a commercial kitchen with two men working to create a sustainable and sustainable business . The new home is a `` very unique and unique place '' in South Carolina , said Rick DeMoss , chief executive of the Sustainable
a street view with a plane flying ahead of them . `` I could n't have picked a better scene to witness this terrible tragedy . We are all very lucky that we are alive and well and have been able to
a woman is surprised as a man hands her a kiss ' I was having a conversation with her , and I said , 'What do you want ? ' She said , ' I do n't know . ' I said ,
a group of fighter jets sitting on an aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean Sea . The plane was carrying the Russian Navy 's first ever fighter jet and was part of a long-range air defense system based at the Russian
a bathroom scene with focus on the toilet , not the man who stole his clothes and took them without even checking the back door . `` I am convinced that this is a hoax designed to trick the public into believing
a toilet and claw foot bathtub in a suburb of London . One of the worst things the couple have done is to use a toilet that is only available to guests who do n't know that they are there .
five motorcycles are parked outside of a dunking pool , and a few more are parked at the pool . The pool is also a large space . The pool seats about 400 people , and the water is very warm . The
the sport motorcycle sits in front of the bike 's front-facing mirror ) , if you want a better view of the frame feel free to add a little extra padding . I 've personally found that the frame is a
a hood lifted on a chevrolet Corvette . I 'm not sure how much a hood could have been worth before I started to notice it . I remember being very excited when I got my first hood
a restroom stall with a white toilet and a white wall with white walls . A woman walks along a path with her dog to the restroom stall on May 15 , 2016 in Houston . ( Photo : Ryan Garza
two people flying a rainbow colored kite into the airspace of a city . The flight is estimated to have cost $ 1 million . Sierra Nevada reported that it was flying a 747-200J with the highest
a group of sheep being herded by a group of cattle . `` Shepherdesses come to eat and they give their food to them with their heads uncovered . They then come to sit down and lie down on
a motorcycle with a red seat up on the rear end of the rear axle . The tires on the bike are all black , with the colors matching the rest of the bike . The front wheels are the same as those of
a room filled with bathroom sinks and bathtubs . The place is spacious with a small pool and a few tables and chairs . The main room has a small bedroom with a shower and a TV . The bar is located
an overturned car at the intersection of a highway and a bus interchange , killing all 20 people including one woman . The suspect , who police believe was driving with a stolen car , was arrested on suspicion of fleeing the
a girl sitting at a kitchen table in her school 's backyard . She had an impromptu party with her brother and friend when she was just five years old . `` She had a crush on me and I was
a room with a bed , a chair , a desk and a couch . A chair was used for a small office , and the couch was for a small kitchen . In the bathroom , a small lamp was used
the bathroom is cluttered with various grooming tools and equipment , including a large , bulky `` jelly ball '' that will let you clean and shower quickly . The gym includes a full wardrobe of various accessories , including
a store filled with bathroom equipment and accessories . The video shows an employee trying to get help from a woman who was having a break from work . `` You ca n't find a woman who has no problems
a group of people in the woods with the intent to kill another person . The incident was reported to police on September 1 , but no arrests were made . Sawyer was released on the $ 100
two men in white shirts in a large tuxedo , one of whom was holding a sign saying `` I 'm sorry for the bad behavior you 've shown us '' and the other a black man wearing a hoodie and
a lawn sitting on a snowy sidewalk , as if he 'd just seen a movie . He 'd seen it before , at the beginning of the movie , but this time he was the sort of kid just sitting there playing
a kitchen with tile floors , granite counters , and several large kitchens , according to the local newspaper of the city , the Daily Sentinel . The kitchen , located on the second floor of the former World Trade Center building
a plane with its lights on flying in the sky to the center of the globe . This is the largest and most sophisticated telescope ever built , and is the most accurate one to date . What is this
some white and blue porcelain designer , and his personal collection of colorful porcelain . The whole thing is a fascinating take on the past and present of the Italian design community . The design concept is based
a woman sitting on a bench next to the police station . `` I am a victim of this crime , I can not stop this crime , '' she said . When asked how she dealt with the incident , she
a large passenger plane is flying through the Strait of Hormuz at a speed of 35 knots . The flight took off from Port Said in the western province of Djibouti , about 120 km northeast of
a bathroom with all black fixtures in it . The bathroom 's black and white wallpaper , bathroom doors and ceiling tile are all black . The bathroom is built from a concrete slab . The wall is black . The ceiling
a kitchen with dark cabinets and stainless steel appliances . There are no windows , so you can really see where you are when you are in a restaurant . The chef has a nice interior , with all the best ingredients
a jumbo jet plane in flight with a missile . The FBI and the New York Times published a report that called it a `` very serious incident , '' and cited the FBI 's own report as the source for the
a person riding a motor cycle down a hill , or riding on an approved route , may not ride in a snow covered area . ( b ) If a person is not a person under 18 years of age and
a man putting something in his pinstripe , and then I had to watch him . `` I 'm very upset . I did n't have the courage to say what I felt , but I think he was in
racer driving a high performance motorcycle on a bike. < |endoftext| > After a long day at work , I decided to make my way over to the bathroom . I was really excited to see the new trailer , and I immediately got
a small room with a heater and a toilet . The place is a little old and mostly used as a dump . It is not a large place to live , but it is very spacious . There is a very good food
a chef in a white chef coat leaning against your desk . `` I 'm not just here for the challenge . I 'm here to share the secrets of my craft with you . '' `` My name is Noodlecake
a toilet a toilet paper roll and a toilet paper roll of toilet paper and a toilet paper roll of toilet paper and a toilet paper roll of toilet paper and a toilet paper roll of toilet paper and a toilet paper roll of
a large passenger plane is flying high in the sky . The crew of the Boeing 777-200ER was working at a local airport when the aircraft went down . A witness told the BBC : `` I
a happy couple is shown with a man who is being kept as an 'anti-Muslim ' ( Picture : SWNS ) As the couple 's eyes adjust to the new reality , she says : 'It 's
an unfinished bathroom with a sink and pipes running through in the first room as I entered . `` You do not have to wear any clothes . In fact , even if I 'm wearing a robe and tie , you
two cups of coffee are on a table , and they 're all sitting on my head . I have to be careful . The cup of coffee I 'm holding is from a different coffee shop . It 's from a different coffee
two computers , a phone , books , an office , a printer… The world 's most powerful computer , but it 's not a computer . It 's a computer that 's designed to execute certain commands on your computer . It
a small crop taking off in a grassy area . A small crop taking off in a grassy area . The grassy area has a very good chance of being contaminated . The grassy area has
a brown horse is walking in between two trees in a field that has been cleared for the last several years . The horse 's owner , a farmer in a small village in the western part of Bangladesh , says he
a man in hipster clothes straddles a table and picks up a glass of wine . He 's the kind of person who 'd rather not be called a 'socialite ' than a 'foodie . ' ''
a plane is straight up into the sky , and the pilot has to make a full landing . When it comes to the airspeed , it 's much higher than the cruising speed of the normal plane .
a white toilet with a brown lid and a white toilet head . The toilet had been used for a number of years by two men , and they had been given instructions to open the door . It is
a small propeller plane lands in a forest off the coast of North Carolina . The pilot , who was not named , is taken to the hospital , where he is pronounced dead . The plane crashed in a water
a fancy shower and faucet attachment , but I 'm sure the shower can do the trick . The shower was quite nice as well . After cleaning the shower , I noticed that I was holding the water bottle
a row of parked motorcycles outside a store in Tauranga , Tamil Nadu , on May 7 , 2017 . ( Photo by : Anupam Doshi/Getty Images ) This article originally appeared on The Conversation
a small airplane is taking off from a military base in China with no passengers or crew . That 's what we 've been doing since 2004 . The problem is that we have no idea what to do with it .
a lawn chair on a sidewalk in the parking lot of the Marriott Hotel during the second half of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Dubai , Qatar , April 12 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mohamed al-Zarqawi < |endoftext| >
a plane is flying over a highway that is supposed to be open to the public . `` No one was injured , '' said Captain David Bensinger , the captain of the 737 , which was on its way from
a modified motorcycle parked with other motorcycles on the sidewalk . The suspect was arrested and charged with felony grand larceny , felony robbery , grand larceny of a motor vehicle , and reckless endangerment .
a little girl standing on a chair mixing with a bowl of water for me . `` I know you 're right , but I 'm going to need to do something about it . '' For a second she 's
a bathtub being filled up in a bathtub . You 're going to have a hot shower or a cold shower , but you 're going to have lots of other things . It does n't matter how much you have .
a cat on the sink drinking from a cup of coffee . The other cat was already on the couch . The second cat was leaning on a chair . The third one was still on the couch , but was looking at her
a car with the hood up and a driver 's seat behind . `` It was just a simple thing to do to get to our jobs , '' he said . The driver was told the driver has a criminal
a small bathroom with focus on the shower . She went up and down her bedroom to the kitchen with a knife . She said `` I 'm going to fuck you . No , no , '' and then said `` I 'm going
a small airplane a few feet above the ground , the air was filled with clouds , and the wind was blowing at a velocity of about 40 knots per minute . The wind was so strong that the pilot had to carry it
four urinals and its two sets of underwear . There are other things that come to mind . The fact that the two sets of underwear contain a mix of the same substance as the semen and the urine , rather
a little girl sitting at a dining room table , a boy holding a pen and a notebook , a girl playing on a board . The girl who was supposed to read the Bible was called a `` bible-watcher
a deep marble bathtub under an open window . The room is lit by a red , polished mirror . It is almost like a cathedral built before the 17th century . The walls are painted white and painted
a man in a kitchen preparing food with his family for dinner . `` She says he 's a poor man , he 's a bad man — he went out a lot . She 's always got a smile on her face —
a large commercial jet on the runway with a cargo carrying a number of tourists , Reuters 6/50 29 September 2018 People are evacuated after flooding in Swar township , Myanmar Reuters 7/50 28 September 2018 President Hassan Rouhani
an older woman sits in a sweater at the dining room table . She holds her three children . Her daughter , who is six , is a little girl and a little boy . It 's a nice day , but it 's
a man is sitting on a bench reading , while a woman is reading . You ca n't understand this without imagining the woman 's heart beating as she writes , or the man 's heart beating as he reads , or the woman
an abandoned toilet sits on the sidewalk next to the home of a woman killed by a stray bullet in the city 's southwest . The woman , who was identified as 34-year-old Maria Diaz , died in
old fashioned motorcycles parked in front of a local restaurant and asking for a ride were shot at . The gunman in the attack killed at least one of the victims and wounded another , state police said . The
a group of people sitting around a table drinking and watching TV . The group of people who are sitting around a table drinking and watching TV . The group of people who are sitting around a table drinking and
a beige tiled bathroom with white paper and a white chalkboard ; the white paper was filled with `` Black Lives Matter '' stickers and `` Stop Deplorable Police . '' The chalkboard was filled with ``
a bathroom with a shower and a whiteboard and a pencil . `` If you 're a kid , you want to be able to watch video clips of what you do , '' he said . `` It 's like a
a pile of feces sits on the back of a truck . `` We 're very disappointed that they let him go , '' says Mike DeGraffenreid , director of the South Bay Humane Society in San Francisco .
a plane parked next to a truck next to the passenger compartment of the passenger car that had been parked next to the passenger compartment of the passenger car that was parked next to the passenger compartment of the passenger car that was parked
a fridge with a lot of magnets in it . As they 're mixing , they begin to lose their magnetizing properties . The magnets do not make enough contact with the fridge , and the fridge may lose magnetic properties in the
a street at night is lit up by the lights of the city 's famous red-light cameras — a major shift in the way that people view the lights in New York City . The video shows lights flashing on
a narrow city street is full of shops and restaurants . There is a high number of single ladies on the street , as there are few women in this section . There are many different kinds of shops ,
a show car parked with its hood open . `` I was like , 'Oh my God , I ca n't believe I 'm driving a car like this , ' '' she said . `` It was hard to believe when I
a person holding a flip phone in their hand , with the person holding the phone in their hand , and said , `` We are a group of people who are concerned about the safety of our country , '' and then went on
a man is reading a book in a crowded restaurant . He is in a hurry because the restaurant does not have a security guard . He tries to get up , but the guard does not have enough security . The man tries
a man and woman cooking together in the kitchen of the house , where they 're supposed to take the dinner . The chef will make sure each of them get their own special sauce or a different kind of sauce ,
a weathered door that leads to a large conference room . We are able to stay within our comfort zone and meet all of our students . We are able to bring our own equipment and supplies to our conference room
a bathtub in front of a large , wooden table . She sat in the shade , gazing into the window . The door opened and she heard a voice behind her . She turned to see a male figure walking
a boy sitting next to a race car , and a woman sitting in front of a bus . The woman , who has not been identified , said that she was looking forward to the day when she would have her
a brown dog standing in front of white dogs . The story of the story is not unique to these dogs . Dogs are known to be aggressive with other dogs and can be aggressive at a young age . Some dogs
a bathroom has a red circular rug by the front door , a red leather couch by the back , and a black velvet chair by the back . On the back wall is a white table in a very dark blue chair .
a toilet paper dispenser with an empty cartridge . The first thing you 'll notice is that the toilet paper dispenser holds a bag of food in it , which you can store in the backseat of the car
a motorcycle parked next to a bunch more tourists . `` You want to give yourself a ride and go on a bike tour with these people , '' he says . `` I do n't know how you could go on a
a man in a skullcap sits on a bench and holds a piece of blackened bone with a black man 's face on it . `` He said to me , 'You 'll never be forgiven , ' '' she recalls. ``
a small girl with blue eyes hugs a man who looks like a woman . `` Hey , are you sure ? '' `` Yeah , I was just thinking about something nice for you . '' `` I 'm just thinking
a dog is walking alone on a dirt road . I can tell you that the dog is very friendly . I am not sure why they are so friendly . I have never seen a dog that does not like to
a wooden bench in a room made of metal . He walked through a field of weeds , looking for something to eat . Then he said , `` Let 's go get some vegetables . '' He walked to a
a pair of jet airlines sit at an airport in Beijing , China , on Oct. 9 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jason Lee The move to remove foreign students from the country stems from China 's government 's crackdown on
a castle displays the time on a clock . The time of day is : Monday , 22:00 ( Tue ) Tuesday , 22:45 ( Wed ) Wednesday , 23:00
three birthday candles stand lit on a cake table in the courtyard of the church on the eve of his departure from the United States . A photo posted by Paul W. Smith ( @ paulwsmith ) on Sep
a motorcycle is parked on a dirt road in the village of Al-Haddan , near the Lebanese border , on March 27 , 2013 . REUTERS/Faisal al-Zarqawi The militants
a shower base is installed as a bathroom , shower , and showers . In the shower , you can place the shower curtain before the shower to ensure that the water flows smoothly . In the shower , you
motorcycle parked in front of a house in south suburban St. Paul . The man , 27 , was also charged with possession of stolen property , and was released from jail on $ 100,000 bond .
children sitting at computer stations on a long-haul train . The government said it is committed to building a new railway network to connect parts of the country and is seeking to establish a new railway network in rural areas
a cake with three lit candles on top . `` I 'm just going to get one on my own , '' he said . Benedict was not in attendance at the ceremony but said he was in touch
an older floor light sits deserted in an old office in an industrial park , and the door is locked . `` This is the guy who went to the hospital , '' says my friend , who does not know him well
an airplane flying across a cloudless sky . A little after 3 AM on May 13 , the first of three major U.S. air strikes on Iraq , the U.S. military and intelligence officials confirmed
a bowl of peeled oranges sitting on a table . `` I did n't even like that one , '' she said . `` I was not one of those kids who was really into it . I was just like , '
a bathroom with two sinks and a black metal lamp . In the bathroom there was a table , a couple of chairs and a table with a table with a chair . It was a very nice place . I do n't know
racers riding four wheelers while a rider on a motorcycle was injured . The incident occurred on the same day as the planned visit of the International Olympic Committee 's ( IOC ) President Jacques Rogge , who
family poses in front of their house with a little girl . They say she 's so cute the whole time . But she 's too cute . The girls do n't know how to do anything about it . Dora
a bathroom with tile floor and white fixtures are only $ 27 . The bathroom will be available for rent for a first year only , with a $ 15 monthly payment. < |endoftext| > In the world of the digital world ,
a man sitting on a park bench reading a book in a library . `` I was just watching movies and reading the books when I came to him and he just sort of sat there and looked at me .
a dual monitored computer atop a corner-mounted , 4,160-foot-tall , 2,400-foot-tall , and 10,000-pound ( 1,250-pound ) supercomputing center in
a combination of black and white sheep grazing . The majority of the birds are white , which is a little surprising considering that not a single white sheep calf has ever been killed by a wolf . For all the talk
an airplane flies above a moderately trafficked area of the Black Sea . The plane then travels over southern Yemen , making its way from southern Yemen to Oman . In November , the US Navy said that air defense systems
a clean kitchen inside a home during the 2016 season . The story of the case started in 2015 , when a New York Times reporter , Christopher M. Smith , reported a New York City police officer was involved in
a blurry motion picture of a person doing something he or she has no knowledge of on the Internet or by a person who has no idea . In case you have n't noticed , the person who posts this is called
a dilapidated bath room with a half-acre field where a man 's hand was held . The man 's wife was dressed in a white shirt , grey tie and short black socks . The man was sitting on the
two commercial aircraft taxiing on the airport 's runway , in which 30,000 people were waiting on the runway for the first time . The plane crashed on the runway , causing massive damage to the aircraft , but
wild animals grazing near a lagoon surrounded by the water . The two-way trip was captured on a trip from San Francisco with a camera and voice recorder . The images were taken on July 27 and 28 ,
a person on a motor bike doing a certain activity will not be able to do the activity in a particular way ( i.e. , he will be able to do a particular activity in a particular place , not because he
some motorcycles parked and the one in front of them just got a little bit too big to fit in with the bike 's weight . `` It 's a shame the bike is so small . At this point , I
a bathroom filled with a white bathtub , with a white bathroom . I was so happy to see them . I had planned on leaving the house with my daughter , but a friend who was in the house was
a lawn chair on a snowy sidewalk in front of the restaurant . ( Photo : Karen Warren , AP ) The family of a man who was shot and killed by police in a home in the Twin Cities has sued
three cars are parked along the railroad tracks , at the end of which will be a small , open space of concrete . The project is expected to cost about $ 1 billion , and will take 20 years to complete
a motorcycle rider sits atop his motorcycle and runs toward a parking lot . `` That 's the problem here , '' he says . `` I did n't give him any money , because he was just a regular rider – he
a soldier standing next to a woman with a gun in a military vehicle . The woman in the truck was holding a handgun and the soldier was in the driver 's seat . The suspect then exited the truck and came
a large airplane is taking off on the way to the United States . `` We are going to be seeing more people come on planes for the first time in months , '' said Ryan . The planes are not
a wild animal drinks water from the toilet on the toilet seat to protect the animals . A woman in her 40s has been stabbed several times in the head and chest by a man who threw water at her .
a rundown bathroom is being stripped and remodeled , with the city 's new office building on the site . The remodel is being undertaken by a group called the New York City Council , which was formed by the
a woman sitting on a bench next to a man . `` I am so happy . I hope you get the same love I did . I hope you get the same joy , '' she said . `` I 'm just
a toilet is splattered with feces on the ground . The attack happened at an outdoor concert in the village of Sinti , near the city of Pashto , about 50 miles ( 80 kilometers ) north
an intricate shower handle in a bathtub . `` It 's not a very good idea , especially if you 're a young girl . You should be doing something different . It 's not like you 're going to die
a passenger plane opens its landing gear in Beijing , May 28 , 2014 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji The Chinese government has also stepped up surveillance of its citizens and said any foreign intelligence services involved in the
a lawn chair sits outside in the snow . If you 're in the middle of a cold day , you can easily move around the house until the snow begins to fall . If you 're in the middle of snow , you
a chef is leaning on his counter with a tray of noodles . He says : `` I 'm going to have to go find a chef who has a lot of experience and has really mastered the art of cooking . ''
a man in a wetsuit is said to have made the mistake of wearing the black cape which was worn by a white man . '' `` If we put the cape on , he would wear it only once ,
a plane flies across the sky as seen from the cockpit of the Boeing 757 , on April 10 , 2017 , in the Netherlands . The plane flew through the air when it touched down in the southern Dutch city
a motorcycle parked outside a building with graffiti on it . The graffiti on the building was spotted by a passer-by , who called police . Police searched the building for a number of hours until they found
a group of people sitting at a table in front of a computer window . The woman is carrying a camera , and the camera is on her arm , with a camera on her head too . She looks at the camera ,
a massive wooden ship beached on snow-bound Lake Erie . A number of other examples of the city 's urban charm are being offered to visitors , particularly those who travel from the suburbs . The city
an old bathtub is filled with water . It 's very easy to clean and this is also the only way to clean out the bathtub . If you have a washing machine , wash your hands first and then
three hikers walking in the wilderness with three of their friends on a trip they both are planning . The two have been together for a year and have been hiking together for the past two years . The first time they
a passenger plane driving along an airport runway near the Syrian border on April 24 , 2016 in Karkuk , Kazakhstan . Picture taken April 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mikhail Klimentyev/Files The
a brown black and white cat drinking water . In my book , you can find a good illustration here . The most common way to get your hands dirty is to wash your hands , take care of yourself , and
a modern kitchen complete with a refrigerator and a fire pit . The house also features a small , wood-burning oven , a kitchen sink and a fire pit , all of which are located inside a garage on the
a man sitting on a toilet in front of a large black stall , saying he is a doctor . `` This is a man who has been raped , '' he says . `` We 've got other men in this situation
a bathroom with a bathtub and a shower . He also shared a few photos of himself in a bikini with his wife , and later posted one of his own in a Facebook post . In a post from July
a horse walks between cars in a parking lot at the end of the street in Fort Collins , Colorado , U.S. , 10 March 2015 . REUTERS/Mike Blake The U.S. Food and Drug Administration
a bus driving down a street in a bid to help people . He said the attack was `` absolutely wrong '' . Mr Johnson said it was `` just an attack on our people and a terrible injustice that such
a close up in the bathroom with newspaper clippings , photos and other personal information that could be used to blackmail the president . `` It was a bad idea , '' he said . `` I would have been very
a dark image of a kitchen with the words `` Welcome to the West '' scribbled on it . `` I do n't know how I feel about this , '' he said . `` It is such a shame when this
a man poses next to his motorcycle in front of his home in Kolkata , India , Saturday , March 9 , 2015 . ( AP Photo/Jaitley Malinga ) By of the
a bathroom in which everything inside is white . I had to get some clothes on and off ; I do n't know what to do with that . I felt like I had to leave . `` I was so afraid
the space shuttle is being transported by a giant satellite . The mission is to land a shuttle on a planet called Saturn 's moon Titan and return it to Earth to collect data on its life cycle . `` With the
a male is sitting by a window looking at the TV . He has a large glass box with a TV attached . He 's looking at the TV with his mouth agape and looking at the TV with his face agape
a small girl and her teddy bear at the top of her head . As she is about to leave , her mother , who is still alive , tells her to go back to the room she was in , where there
a bathroom with a big white tub with a lot of nice , clean towels and a huge kitchen with a big kitchenette . The only thing that was missing was the bathroom . I 'm not sure how I got there .
a couple of planes on the runway . The pilot , who was waiting to land , had to push the airplane over the edge of the runway into the ground . The aircraft , which had just been parked , had just
a puts its entire head into a toilet and sits back down with a huge smile . `` I think I can do it , '' he says . `` I can do it as a kid and it has n't made me
a clean , spacious bathroom with a large sink and a shower . It is a modern , modern , modern , modern apartment and I hope to live in it . You can also try this one online for free .
a bathroom complete with a tub , toilet and dishwasher . An old refrigerator also has a sliding shower and a hot bath with a sink , a shower stand and a small sink . An old kitchen has a kitchen sink ,
a very narrow antiseptic looking bathroom . Cleaning : Just clean the sink , wash the toilet , clean the toilet bowl , rinse the water , rinse the toilet cleaner and rinse the shower . W
a horse walking between the parking spaces of the two establishments and then turning and walking around , the parking space was already filled . `` The only other car I have seen that drives by was a BMW which had the
a loan bike sits by itself on a concrete slab at the end of a paved road . The concrete slab is a bit of a mess , but it 's a good reminder that we do n't have to give up our bicycles
two cups of coffee are on a table but the next person is sitting on a stool , so you 're sitting on that stool . It 's actually very different than eating or sitting . We 've seen that for a
a cook doing a demonstration of something in the kitchen . She makes it so you can see the difference between a good cook and a bad one . This was my experience with my friend , and I 'm sure she
a motorcycle is raised on a jack inside a hatchback , which has four wheels and a steering wheel . The motorcycle , however , is not a hatchback . Another problem with the theory is that the engine is
a chocolate frosting covered birthday cake with a chocolate frosting covered cake with a chocolate frosting covered cake with a chocolate frosting covered cake with a chocolate frosting covered cake with a chocolate frosting covered cake with a
man and woman standing on the beach in their pajamas , their bodies covered with seawater . The men 's bodies were found a few hours later with gunshot wounds to the head and neck . Police were at
a person is performing a wheelie on a public street . If a person is performing a wheelie on the sidewalk , the person is not allowed to drive on it . A person who violates this rule
a bathroom scene complete with a cast iron mirror and a glass of wine in a glass of wine . `` I 'm going to go and look it up , '' he says of the scene in which a woman in the
a motion blur street scene with the car and the man being chased by the police , and the car is then shot at by a second man . The video shows the man being shot three times , killing one person and injuring
a large number of people riding motorcycles down the road . And some of them were very well-trained and well-equipped , so to speak . I 'm sure that they had a good understanding of how to maintain a comfortable
and old lamp in an deteriorating abandoned building . A few years ago , the family had purchased the property for $ 40,000 and had set out to build a 50-story tall tower . The company was eventually sold for
the view of a sink and a toilet ) A man who is homeless in the U.S. A man who is homeless in the U.S. A man who is homeless in the
the view of a large sized bathroom with a couple of plastic bins ) and a couple of other people to sit in the back seat of the car . `` It was extremely hot but we did n't know what was
a little boy posing with a race car . `` He 's not a bad guy . He 's a guy who is a good guy , '' said Williams . `` He 's a great boy , I know he 's good
a family pet looking up at the camera , in a way that is not easy for me to understand . However , all of these are just a few examples . A couple of others are of course , more elaborate . For
a child sits at her kitchen table at the top of the stairs , and she 's been on life support since shortly before she was born , a baby girl who was born in October . `` She 's always been
this is a picture of a kitchen with a kitchen sink . The front door is covered with a large white paint job . A lot of this is done by hand . I have to paint in a large number of different colors
a chair sitting at a fire hydrant on the edge of a parking lot in the suburb of Fayetteville , Arkansas . An officer at the scene said he found a `` briefcase '' containing the body of the
a group of people observing two planes at high speed on Sunday . `` I was really shaken up by this . I thought that they were flying low and the whole thing was going well , but I still felt like
a man and a woman dress up in the same way . He says he wants to show his support for Syrian refugees . The New York Times reported : '' I know that if I had to pick one
an airplane carrying a space shuttle in air space . The plane was carrying a cargo of helium , which is used for fuel . The space shuttle was carrying a cargo of fuel . The shuttle , which was carrying a
a man sitting by himself reading a book . He had been watching his wife , and she was a bit tired from an afternoon of reading . He was sitting at the table with the book on his lap , in his hand
a special toilet with an electronic seat and a glass front door . The toilet is in the middle of the building and has no light fixtures . There is a big kitchen with a microwave , a refrigerator , and a sink .
a man riding a dirt bike is airborne . In fact , in the United States , according to the CDC , only 30 people have died from respiratory infections each year . That 's because the air we breathe into our
mixture of vegetables being prepared on top of the fish that was to be used for seasoning . The fish was then cut to length and set aside for a week or more . The next step is to prepare the
a family walks on a runway near huge oil refinery fire in thein Sulawesi town , Indonesia Reuters 5/50 23 September 2018 US President Donald Trump and US ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley , talk with
well lit bathroom with a jacuzzi and a coffee table . `` I 'm not sure what a life is like when you 're a kid and you 're doing everything right , '' he says . `` But when
a cat drinking water from a bathroom sink is not a good idea . `` A cat can be quite thirsty , '' said Scott , who works at a small home company in San Jacinto . But that 's because the
motorcycle rider in the middle of a road , or a person who is in any way involved in a collision or collision with a roadway , or who is making a sudden stop , or if they are stopped on the
a very minimalistic bathroom with a black and white ceiling and a large , clean-cut bathroom that also has a window overlooking the kitchen . It is also home to a small pool , with a pool table , a pool
a man is driving with his dog in his car and has a broken taillight , according to the report . The man was driving home on the eastbound I-85 at about 8:30 a .
a custom built two seater motorcycle next to a `` J '' in each hand . The car was built in 2001 by Dan M. O'Donnell and will be shown at a local motorcycle show in New Haven , CT
a bobble head baseball figurine on a bench . The other two were a pair of bobbleheads that were on the field at the time , and they were both on the field at the same time . The bob
an older picture of a large kitchen with a large pot of water and a little bowl of ice water in a large pan . ( Photo : Instagram ) There 's a lot more to cooking with ice water
a young boy stands next to a row of wooden posts that serve as a barrier between the city of Paris and its southern neighbor . ( Vincent Kompagot/AFP/Getty Images ) French President François
a line of cars is backed up next to a bridge , which has been designed to be used to allow the car to drive itself . The bridge was constructed in 1974 , and has since been the mainstay of the North
a motorcycle driver poses on his parked motorcycle . A motorcycle driver poses on his parked motorcycle . A motorcycle driver poses on his parked motorcycle . A motorcycle driver poses on his parked motorcycle . A motorcycle driver poses on his parked motorcycle
porcelain bowls inside of a museum . The museum 's director , the curator of art and history , and the curator of the American Museum of Natural History are both present . Other museum members are now
people walking towards aircrafts on display outside the White House . The White House said an incident involving a passenger jet is under investigation . The president 's administration said the incident began when a male passenger flying a
there are a toilet , a sink , a closet , and a shower ) , but not toilet paper . And while I 'm sure there are toilet paper that you can use to remove your toilet paper , there 's no toilet paper
a very disorganized bathroom with the toilet pan , a large number of empty toilet seats , a huge number of unoccupied trash , and a large number of garbage bags . The whole place is cluttered with discarded and un
six people on a boat rowing in the water . A few weeks later , after a couple of days of waiting , a man was arrested at the port of Torez , Turkey , where he was held
some antique motorcycles all in a row and I 'm not even sure how many of you have ever seen one of those . The Yamaha M1 is one of those things . The M1 is a great motorcycle .
a train traveling during the day on a single train , but was also on a bus ( and on the last one ) , and sometimes they would have a train stop in advance that was completely filled with passengers . It
a street intersection somewhere in france near the city of Paris . Police say that around 5:30 a.m. on Wednesday , a man approached a white van and demanded one of the officers leave the scene
a small girl sitting at a round table . `` Why do you need to go ? '' `` You are my mother , '' she replied . `` Why not ? '' `` Because I want you to
a dark kitchen with only one light over the stove . The kitchen is set aside , and is so small that a child ca n't see anything . The only light is a dimmed lamp at the back , and is so
a tan bathroom with a bathroom and sink . We were sitting in the same corner of the bathroom , but I could see a couple of men walking by and laughing and laughing . We 're not sure where or how
a male surfer and a woman are both in the process of being treated for a heart condition , but a woman is still at risk of dying from the condition at an alarming rate . In a press conference ,
a gray cat standing on top of a rock . `` What the hell was that ? '' he asked . `` I just saw this gray cat standing on top of a rock . I mean , I 've never seen anything like this
a happy woman holding a pair of new , shiny earrings . `` I 'm so glad you were with us ! '' `` I 'm glad you were with me , '' I said . `` I think I know what I
some highly cultural objects on display in this area of the world . In the 1970s , I was the director of the museum 's `` Lemuel 's History '' project , which was based at the Museum of
a plane taxis down the runway for takeoff from a Boeing 777 . The plane was carrying about 700 passengers . ( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite ) less A jet carrying 500 passengers capsized off the runway on May
a public toilet seat with public toilet paper . The seat is also a public toilet seat with a public toilet paper seat with public toilet paper . The seat is also a public toilet seat with a public toilet paper seat
a bathroom with white tile a sink and a sink-top . He called it `` an amazing place to stay . '' As a senior at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , the only way he
a man sitting on a bench outside reading a copy of the Koran . The man has been identified by police as the father of the victim . He has been arrested and is now in custody. < |endoftext| > After
view of a kitchen and breakfast rooms . He said he 's looking forward to working with a variety of staff to figure out what works and what does n't . `` I 'm looking forward to working with a
man riding white horse in the street while being chased by an assailant who was not armed . The three men had been in a car with a white man and the young man was a victim of a robbery , police said .
a bathroom with carpet and light coming from the ceiling so it looked like a normal room . I was really excited at the moment and I did n't know what to do with myself . I was like 'well ,
a man sitting on a motorcycle doing a low-intensity bicycle ride , which is a very good bike ride , but you 're not going to go off the bike , '' said the man . The woman was not identified
a cubicle with a desk and two cubicles with a table . I was sitting on a corner table , and a computer was in the middle of the room . The computer , and I , were talking about the computer
a plane photographed in the blue , the red , and the green sky , which is visible in the sky above . This is the same plane seen in the sky above in the blue sky . The
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet . The man who took the pictures , a 19-year-old man from Luton , also faces court on charges of inciting an act of violence . The
a man doing stunts on his motorcycle at his home in New York City . `` I saw him and then he started doing stuff that I thought was very funny , '' said the 36-year-old . `` It
a space shuttle is resting on top of a hill by a stream . It 's been a long time since we had this much water . You can see the water 's beginning to flow out from the top of the hill .
a couple is flying a rainbow kite for them . Kirby and her husband , Chris , were planning on getting married in September , but they decided not to because of their busy schedules. ''
a man in a tropical print shirt with a long , dark beard , and a wide smile , and the guy takes a deep breath and says , `` I 've just been waiting for you to come here . I was just
pottery is displayed on a shelf in the U.S. Treasury Department 's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network 's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network Office ( FCEO ) . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque The decision to make the investment was
a motorcycle is parked on a tree lined street . The police are investigating the incident . A man was taken to hospital where he later died . Police say a man driving the motorcycle was shot in the head
lots of black and white sheep grazing on a forest path . Advertisement Continue reading the main story '' It 's a great place because there 's so much wildlife , '' said Mr. Tufa. ``
a person wearing sun glasses and blue jeans . The girl , who was wearing a `` D '' shirt and green jeans , was not identified . Witnesses said the man was trying to get a job in the parking lot
an old cement wall in a home is painted pink with purple paint . The apartment is decorated with a light green background . Liam ( Liam J . ) has been living in the apartment for seven months , but
a desk with two computer monitors and a few small , well-lit lamps . The monitor was a small , rectangular TV with a black-and-white image and the same color scheme as the one the room was in
a man walking across a street dragging a man wearing a helmet , carrying a gun and looking like he was about to be shot by a police officer , the officer shot him in the head The officer then opened fire
picture of a three piece bathroom that is clearly not the same one that is used at the end of the street . Some of the signage has also been replaced . A few months ago , there was a dispute about
they young man is sitting in his car , just waiting for his father to come home . He is waiting , with his eyes open , to see if he can find his father . The next thing he remembers is
a clean bathroom with towels , a shower and two other rooms , and an air mattress . They were then taken home to a nearby home . The parents said it was not possible to tell what happened .
a man sitting on a motorcycle posing in the backseat , looking at a large display of the video . `` It 's a video that 's really funny , '' he said . `` It 's the whole point of my
a cat standing on the hood of a car . A couple of hours later , on a Tuesday night , the two men were riding westbound on the northbound I-95 near I-25 when they saw
a cluttered room with christmas decorations and a small fire . He was in the middle of a Christmas season when he heard a knock at the door . He jumped into a closet and opened it to
a man is riding a motorcycle on one end and a woman is riding on the other . The rider is not a motorcycle but a woman . The police are not sure what drove the riders to run onto the street
a desk with two computer screens and a small computer board . The computer screens are a little longer than what the desk would be , but they are still large enough that the users can easily see the screen and the
a bathroom wall that needs to be painted to look like a toilet . You need to see if the toilet is in any way covered by an electrical cord . You may need to remove the cable to get it down
a horse is standing between two parked cars , one of which is the one that is being towed . A horse is parked on the right side of the road , which is a sign that you are driving along the right side
spectators enjoying a show of two men competing for a $ 200,000 prize . The prize was originally thought to be $ 1 million but was later reduced to $ 200,000 when the prize money was reduced
the statues are visible past the street signs , but it 's still a very dark place and I think they have a lot of issues with it . '' Duke University has offered a $ 25,000 reward for information
tails of military jets sitting on the tarmac at the South Korean border , and the Korean People 's Army 's ( KPA ) aircraft with the South Korean flag flying . The South Korean government is also using the
two dogs sitting in the back seat of a white Ford F-150 pickup . The car 's headlights have a red tint and a blue tint to the black . The driver is wearing a white and blue striped shirt
three candles lit on a cake with chocolate chip cookies . The group 's founder , Paul , was one of the first people to be inspired by the holiday and founded the group in June . The cake was
a man sitting on his skateboard in the woods of northern Alaska . `` The next day , when I got home , it was snowing , and I heard the snow on the ground . I went and looked
kitchen and dinning room view of the city 's historic center . `` I am not here for you , '' she said . `` I am here for me . '' A few minutes later , she and her
a nasa jet being transported by a jet engine . The ship is known as the `` B-29 '' . The B-29 is a B-29A . The B-29 was
a bathroom with green walls and shower curtain . The door is locked and a small , brown-haired , short-haired woman with a red-green scarf is standing behind her , waving a hand in the air . She
a commercial airliner in the clear blue sky at the end of the second half of Saturday 's flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur for the first time . The plane was carrying about 70 passengers and six crew members .
separate men sitting on park benches playing the national anthem with one another and shouting in unison , `` That nigga ai n't no good , '' is the latest example of the president 's policymaking . Trump 's administration
a man wearing a hawaiian shirt to the front of the house . The man was arrested on suspicion of carrying a concealed weapon and carrying a concealed firearm in relation to the incident , but the case has been
a dirty bathroom with a sink and toilet , and a nice view of the city . I could n't wait to get to work . I got an appointment at my local hospital . The day before my appointment , I
a toilet with a digususting mess of bacteria and yeast . I 'm not sure if anyone had that experience , but I do have a suspicion . I 've been working on a project called `` Nuts and
a person holding their flip phone up in front of them . `` When I was a kid growing up , I used to see a lot of kids who were doing the same thing , and they 'd all be out
a wall covered in decorations in what looks like a museum or exhibition . It 's also home to a collection of the famous paintings in the exhibition , as well as a collection of photographs of the animals . What 's
a young man with frizzy hair sits on a sofa . He looks at his friend . `` My name is Lyle , I am an Englishman living in France who is trying to move to England . '' L
a kitchen that is painted bright green and has a large sign reading `` Welfare for Children and Families . '' Rudy and his wife , Carolyn , are hoping to raise $ 1 million to help them move out
a man on a horse walking down the road . He says : ' I was waiting for a bus with a woman and was just waiting for my car to go by when I saw this man coming down the road
a clean white toilet in a stall with a clear plastic cover . He would go into the toilets and walk around the area , and then the water would go through his nose , nose , and lips . He would do this
a public bathroom sink and hand drying area . `` While we were there we found out there was a problem with the plumbing , '' said Ryan . Ryan said he 's just glad the new water will be more
a bathroom is decorated in modern japanese . I think the Japanese are looking forward to this . The next day , I went to the Japanese restaurant to get some food and then I went to the Japanese bar
a group of men staring at a cellphone camera in the middle of the street in Oakland . The group was trying to avoid the cameras . The police did not stop them . They began shooting . `` I
three men sitting at a table looking at each other . `` I do n't know if he can see or hear , or if he is feeling very well . He is really tired , '' she said . The
a green bathroom with a leaf shower curtain and a blue and white TV . `` We 've been really excited to have this new place on this historic site , '' said the company . `` And we 're excited to help
a dirty toilet seat in a public bathroom , which means he ca n't get down to the business of urinating in the morning . He also lives in a tiny apartment on the corner of North and North East Aven
there are several older motorcycles on display . The only thing I can find is the same one that was the last motorcycle to be built and sold . So here is my take on the original : The original
a bath tub filled with water with a splash of water and a splash of the water and a splash of the water in a pool with a bathtub filled with water and the water is filled with a splash of water and
motorcycle on a dirt road by a motorcyclist . `` It was a very scary thing , '' said Robert Lill , a lawyer for the city . `` It was really weird . '' The bicycl
a lot of motorcycles and riders in formation are going to have to be prepared for a bike accident . `` You have a lot of people coming into our facility and it 's going to be a lot of people on
people walking around two different air force airplanes , or one of them having a bad time . I think that that 's a very serious problem . But I think if we do n't get it solved , we are going to have
two computer screen with keyboard on a glass case , a USB mouse , and a screen protector with a high-quality matte finish . The design is a little more traditional looking than the original , but it 's still
peeled oranges and mashed oranges in a bowl with a bit of olive oil . Place the avocado on a large baking sheet and cover with some baking paper . In a large saucepan over medium heat ,
three people standing in a wooded area , some with knives and others with sticks . Two of them were found shot to death outside the house . A police spokesman said the suspects were not armed . The
a kitchen with a granite counter top and a sliding glass window . `` The building is very impressive . It 's a great experience , '' said Mr. Smith . `` It 's a great building . '' The building
a man trying to shake a woman 's hand with a broomstick . He was later found , shot in the head , by another man , who shot himself in the head . The second man , who was not
the small room contains a toilet and toilet paper . `` I think they 're trying to get some sort of a plan to get the staff to come back and visit me . I think they 're hoping they 'll be able to
a person sitting in a kitchen window looking at the ceiling . `` This is the first time I 've seen anything like that in my life . '' Hannah , who has been living in the house since she was 3
a girl with pigtails holding a teddy bear . `` It 's my favorite thing in the world , but I 'm not that person anymore , '' she said . `` I 've lost my life , my friends ,
there is a urinal and trash can between the urinals and trash can in the basement and you can see the trash can in the basement . It 's an urinal and trash can and you can see the trash can
the man is walking a bicycle while talking to his wife . This is probably an important message that the American public has heard over the years . The following is an excerpt from the book The Good Wife : A Love
a surfer posing for a photo with his kids on Friday , October 28 , 2016 in New York City . ( Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images ) When I last spoke with the young man in the lobby
a toilet inside a room that needs renovation . Advertisement Continue reading the main story Photo '' It is not necessary . It does n't have to be so , '' he said . `` As long as you
a man with a hat standing with his head up , and then two men with hats standing in the distance . A man with a hat and a hat with a gun and a pistol standing side by side , and
a metal stove has a matching hood with a zipper . The base has a small , round metal rod in its center . The base also has a small , round metal rod in its center . In the front ,
two men ride on atv 's and some of them are just starting to get into their vehicles . So it 's a bit of a mix-up . MARTIN : You 're not just talking about the
lights illuminate the counter top in a kitchen with its white walls . The front of the room is decorated with a black and white picture of the late Dr. Robert M. Kennedy . In a room with a counter
an old toilet is transformed into a lawn chair , so you can sit on it while we play . You 'll notice that we had a lot of great people come up to us and get them to dance with us . Every
a bathroom featuring a walk in shower , but you 'd be hard pressed to find a place in this city where no one has ever had to put on their pants in the morning . In the years since , we
several military jets are lined up on the runway . The US military has said the jets are in their `` first operational phase '' and will not be in combat until after the end of the year . The US
mopeds and bicycles parked next to parking areas in the downtown area . `` This is a great opportunity for those who want to be part of this community to have this opportunity for them to start bicycling , '' said
grey color cat standing on hood of car . On the way back , he told me this , I 'd never had a car before and he 'd always said he 'd never drive one . But , I
a couple flying a kite at the top of the mountain , I 've got a few more things I need to do right now . I 'll be back soon if I can . You can check out my latest
an unfinished bathroom with a claw foot tub . She was standing by a corner , looking at the window . `` I 'm sorry , I 'm not going to get you . '' `` I 'm sorry , I
a new and stylish bathroom with a walk-in pool and a large , open-air restaurant . The restaurant offers a wide variety of traditional and contemporary dishes . It is the second largest in the region and has become a
a toilet is being used as a flower garden . The flower garden is being built on a hilltop near Gresham Road , south east London . A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said : `` The
man stands up on his bike and looks over at the rest of the riders and says that he 's going to ride them again . `` We 're going to come back and ride the next three years . It 's
an airplane just landed on the runway __________________ '' I 'm a small guy , but I live small , '' said David , his voice soft and reassuring . I was sitting at a table in the living room ,
a large boat propped up on the top of the structure . They were trying to escape a storm that was spreading rapidly throughout the area , and this was causing a massive number of casualties to befall the city .
a fork rests on a plate next to it with the plate wrapped around the fork . A small piece of tape or a small piece of tape is placed on top of the plate . The first step is to lift
a person dressed as a giraffe carrying a toy giraffe on her back . A third suspect , who was identified only as `` Jodie '' from the video , is believed to have been involved in a
a motorcyclist riding down the street , he then hit a parked car and ran for help . An officer was dispatched and arrived at the scene on the scene where he found the car had been damaged by a
a garage with a car inside , a small window , and a small fence . The garage is surrounded by a large garden . The garage is filled with trash and other debris . After the fire , the building 's
a cat is drinking from inside the toilet . The cat was then moved to a separate toilet which was then filled with water . She then went back to the toilet with the cat and put the water in
a custom motorcycle sits in a car show at the Museum of Modern Art in New York . `` The real question is why are we so interested in motorcycles ? '' said Arturo Gonzalez , a former automotive designer who has
small child sits on a kitchen table in the living room . His mother is a nurse ; his father is a business owner . He has a job as a mechanic . There is no money . His family has been moved to
a bicycle is on the shelf in a store . `` It can be a really simple project and some people will say that it 's a little too complicated , but it 's a very simple project , '' said Raul
a large plane sits on the large runway that is the main runway . A large plane sits on the large runway that is the main runway . A large plane is seen in the distance ahead of the aircraft on the
a stove with a frying pan and a pot . Add the garlic and cook until fragrant . Add the onion and cook , stirring constantly , for about 3 minutes . Add the black pepper and cook , stirring constantly , for
an old toilet is re purposed as a toilet , which is the best . The toilet is completely clean and has no signs of being contaminated and can be used as a toilet in the house . A
a white toilet with its lid open in order to wash away any excess water . A water bottle can be found by the door . There are also plastic bags in the back . Waste is removed by
a small child wearing headphones plays on the radio . She looks out of the window and sees a dog . She grabs her son and throws him on the ground . She gets up and runs to the front door . The dog
an empty street at night with bright lights and a high-rise apartment building , the same building that was the place where the man in the video killed and injured the woman who was shot . The man who shot
a country charm type of kitchen is equipped with a kitchen sink , a sinkette , a kitchen sink , kitchen sink , a sinkette , food sink , and a sinkette . The sinkette is on the left .
a man is posing for a photo holding his wife 's body in a hospital bed , while a woman is in a coma after being hit by a car and taken to a hospital . Mr Cameron says it was a
a white airplane flies across the blue sky from the South Pole . It is the first time that the sky has been seen here . The sky will be illuminated by the sun and will have the color of a rainbow
several men looking at phone in one hand and a woman looking at a blackboard on the other . The couple are accused of taking the video of the incident and posting it online . A spokesperson for
a piece of chocolate cake sits on a table . You can tell she 's trying to get it off her body , or she 's just trying to grab the edge . She 's trying to get it off her skin , I
metallic looking container sitting in front of the train station . The two men are charged with misdemeanor second degree unlawful use of a firearm . The suspect was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries , according
plane on the tar mat of an airport . In that case , the flight is under control of any of the airlines operating at that airport or in which the plane is operated , including , but not limited to , the United
wooden ship with rusted off paint and a hole in the hull . They also found a single gun and two ammunition boxes , a small barrel of ammunition , and a gun box with a single barrel . The
man taking a bite of a half peeled onion , and then eating it in the same manner as the other two , with the exception of the second one remaining . The second half of the onion is chopped and then
a train approaching the rail road track crossing with its main conductor , at the intersection of the two main tracks . `` The police came and there were no casualties . They said the train was travelling at a high speed
artistic toilet piece sitting in the center of the room . I put the toilet back on and started wiping it clean . `` I do n't know what happened , but they used to make a little sign saying `` Please do
this is an image of a very nice man standing right next to the fence . It shows him to be very handsome , he has a huge smile on his face and he has a big laugh . It is really cool to
an office area set up with multiple monitors and cameras . It was the first time the agency used a camera to track the movement of workers who were working in the building . `` It 's a pretty simple , straightforward
a toilet outside with lots of plants inside. < |endoftext| > We 've been working hard to get this game out to everyone who can get it . We 're very happy with the response so far . We 're also excited to see that
large , air force airplanes sit on a field . `` The United States is a country of the people , '' he said . `` It is a part of a larger society . And it has a responsibility to build a
tow cups of coffee are presented in the main menu . The tea menu is provided with a variety of tea flavors , often flavored with herbs and spices . The tea menu features a choice of traditional Chinese and Asian drinks ,
a motorcycle with red seat sits parked in front of a store . The owner is upset because he 's been working at the store , but he has no idea when it will open . One of his employees says , `` I
a group of people collect around a giraffe . They are called `` Faggers . '' The animal 's owners have chosen to remove the giraffe 's legs when it is released . Habitat and habitat
a stainless shiny serrated knife sits in the pocket . For more information about the knife , please visit www.toy-camo.com. < |endoftext| > '' I 'm very excited about the game , but there
three lit candles on a chocolate birthday cake . But the same people who put the candle into public view had been given a ticket for using alcohol for a while . The incident happened last year when a group
a truck and an airplane parked outside of the building . According to the lawsuit in U.S. District Court , the man was found guilty of the charges in December of 2015 and sentenced to 30 years in prison
airplane flying in the sky carrying the pilot off the plane , a message sent to the pilot 's wife who was standing by , telling her that if she was to stay on the plane she would have to go back home
a group of motorcyclists driving down the highway or taking a taxi . `` Our own view is that we should be very careful about driving by people in the middle of nowhere , '' said one of the riders .
a bathroom with a toilet and a couple of pairs of socks . Advertisement When the police came to the house , they found a bag of clothes on the floor and a bloody knife . The man
a person sits next to their bike while looking at a photo of the other rider in a photo booth . This kind of thing is all the more remarkable because it 's not just a bike or a car . It
a surfer is holding his surfboard , which is covered in a thick black fabric , as he watches the ocean . `` It 's not a surfboard . It 's a surfing board , '' he says . `` It 's
a woman is sitting on the beach . She 's dressed up like a warrior , with sword in hand , and her hair tied back in a bun . She takes a few steps forward , and looks down at me . She
a cat sitting on a desk next to a table . A young girl in a black suit and black pants and a T-shirt in a suit with her hair pulled back , standing up on the floor , and holding a
different fixtures hang from the wall which boast an open kitchen and a clean and well-lit living room , with a fireplace for an old-fashioned fire and a great view of the city . The hotel , a
a man sitting on a bench in the middle of a forest . The man said `` It 's my boy . '' The man said `` I 'm not going to give your name . You 're just my name . ''
an asian bathroom with a squater bar and some beer . `` I was so happy , '' says De La Rosa . `` I never expected that , but I 'm glad I did . I 'm going to be
the zebra and the giraffe co-exist at very close proximity , '' said Dr. C.D . J. Johnson , a neurobiologist at the University of Pennsylvania and a co-author of the study .
people looking at a motorcycle that is on fire , you ca n't be sure . `` The main problem is the safety of the motorcycle , and when you have a collision or crash , the safety of the motorcycle is
a motocross person performing tricks on the back of a vehicle . `` The idea is to take the car off the road , and if it 's a car , move it forward , '' Mr. Boudreau
a man standing on a bicycle with a bag on his head . I do n't know if it 's a murder or not but it 's a good thing we have such a strong community here . '' He said the incident
a motorcycle is parked on a gravel road and a person driving a motorcycle is on the other side of the road . A person driving a motorcycle may not park a motorcycle on either side of the roadway . ( b
a group of bathroom fixtures inside a warehouse called `` the `` Dangerous Room . '' The facility is a small warehouse built for a man called James Gordon . James is the most powerful man in the world and has been a
a motorcyclist drives down the road to his home in East London , where he was riding north to his home in Greenwich . When he got there he found someone who recognised him . 'It was
a jet airplane is flying through the sky . The aircraft was found flying on a runway in the southern desert of the United Arab Emirates . Witnesses told the BBC the plane had been in the sky for
the white dog with black spots is riding a `` black dog with white spots '' bike . It 's an odd thing to say about the bicycle , but it 's a pretty good one . I 'm not going to
there is a toilet with dirt on it ! ) I 'm not sure how to put it all together , but I 'm sure that , given how the world is , you can easily make a toilet that does n't have
a man riding a motorcycle down the street from the store and then he said 'we were running around ' and said 'we are here to pick you up ' . '' Police are still trying to identify the man who ran
a man crossing the street with a bike . The suspect , who was wearing a mask , was wearing a gray jacket , but there was no identification . The suspect 's description was not immediately available .
several military jet airplanes parked at an airfield in the northern Iranian city of Mashhad over the weekend , according to the country 's state news agency . The Pentagon confirmed several other aircraft were involved in the incident
a flock of sheep being herded by her husband , whose whole course of life he considers to have been the most beautiful thing he ever saw . The sheep were now in the midst of their own food , and the goats
a large white airplane parked upon a runway at I-65 in the northern Indian Ocean Reuters 6/50 26 September Members of the National Disaster Response Force ( NDRF ) search for victims after a building collapsed in New
a nice remodeled three piece bathroom in the old place . I have to make a nice dent or something . The old place was pretty good . I was very disappointed with the prices on these . I had to
two men doing a stunt show on four wheels . It was a very exciting event and we were pretty happy with the results . `` < |endoftext| > As a result of the ongoing investigation , the RCMP have launched an investigation into an alleged conspiracy
a metal urn in front of a firehouse . He had been looking forward to a visit from a cousin . The family had been in the news recently after the suicide of their first child , a
a herd of sheep and their sheep dog . A pig and a pig-dog have a long , thin coat . The pig is a bullock , a horse , and a dog . The dog is a cow , a
two sinks side by side inside a clean and spacious space with a private entrance . The space is designed to be accessible to all of our guests . The dining room allows us to sit inside and look out over the
a kitchen has brown cabinets and brown flooring . We 've only been here a couple of times , but we are extremely lucky to have been able to enjoy it . We have a large room with a kitchen and
two shake boarders playing on the street . `` I 'm not mad , I 'm just scared , '' he said. < |endoftext| > Description This article or section is a stub about a class in Call of Duty :
a white and gold fancy toilet and stainless steel toilet . `` We will also make special guest rooms in the building to enjoy the unique experience of our guests . '' The hotel says the new hotel will offer more
a bench in the shade on a grassy spot to the right . After a period of time , a man wearing a white shirt and shorts came to the front of the bench as he was trying to get a piece of
two men sit on park benches in a row , facing the opposite direction , and are all staring at each other . `` I 'm just so shocked , '' the woman said . `` I 'm so scared of what you
a man bending down next to a bicycle on the pavement of the city 's Chinatown . He said he was going to do a stunt . `` I was trying to stop him at 10:30 a.m. , ''
a cat walking on the top of an old building in the middle of the city . The young girl is looking out the window and he 's looking for her . She 's wearing a white shirt and blue shorts to a white
a man in a uniform checking out the latest news . The video was posted by a viewer on YouTube and it has since been taken down . We 're sorry , currently this live video stream is only available
a variety of bathroom fixtures sit in a small plastic container . The tiles are painted with a dark grey color and are held in place by a small , metal lever which moves the container . The tiles are placed on
bathroom scene with a specially made sponge to help absorb blood and help protect the face from being attacked . When it begins to look like a baby , the sponge is left underneath and the baby is saved from the attack .
a generator light in a dirty abandoned building in the city of Llanoolal . `` I 've seen a lot of people die in Llanoolal , '' says Kamaal . `` It 's like a
a herd of sheep standing around a field . The goats were not harmed by the herd of sheep , but rather by the two-wheelers who were riding on the road and the sheep who were grazing in the
an airplane stationary on a runway next to a tree in Hong Kong on March 12 . Hide Caption 15 of 21 Photos : Photos : Crisis in Hong Kong Crisis in Hong Kong – A man holds up a sign during a protest
an old wooden ship being held up on its side . The ship was at the bottom of a hill on the top of a hill , the bottom of which had been covered with snow . The ship was covered with snow ,
a kitchen with a stainless steel fridge and a plastic freezer . One of the easiest ways to prepare this is to take a small ice cream scoop and take a large piece of ice cream from the freezer . You can
a bicyclist is riding across the street , and it 's just one of the things that we 've had to do to make sure that there 's no accidents , '' said Kelly . The city 's bicycle safety program has
the young man is sitting on his skateboard in the middle of the road at the bottom of the hill . He 's wearing a white T-shirt that says `` The World 's Greatest , '' his name is Dwayne ,
from the rear , we see a horse in the rear , and we see a man in the seat . And the horse is the right-hand man , and the man in the seat is the left-hand man ;
a metal container in front of a brick wall in his office . He said the device was found near his home . `` The owner of the device used it to attack me with a knife , '' said Scott .
a toilet in stall with a changing table . In this way , the people in the village were transformed and transformed and transformed . It is a wonderful story that reminds me of the great work of the Dutch . I
a qatar airlines plane on an airport runway in Cairo last week . ( AFP Photo/Amarth El Ghany ) Egypt ( AFP ) - On Friday , Egypt 's air force bombed an Egyptian military aircraft
small ray of sunshine coming into a small town in the center of Georgia . A few days later , an old man came to my house and said , `` I just want to talk to you about how you 're helping out
an airplane sitting on the tarmac with two passengers . This is the first time an airplane has been hijacked and in recent years a number of people have been killed , though the number of people killed is still unclear. < |endoftext| >
beams of light coming off of different objects . `` The thing is , it 's not like we are just trying to make it look like light , but we 're trying to create a feeling that it is happening
a group of motorcycle riders going through the park and hitting a young man in the head with a bike in the middle of the road . `` I think this is going to be one of the most horrific things you can ever
hospital display of different bed setups and a selection of beds for different ages . This is not a very good look at how to make your own bed . It 's designed with a single piece of wood and has a
a planter made out of a toilet paper cup and then placed it inside the cup . The second , and more serious , problem with these experiments is that they are not specific to the toilet paper itself . They
a man is showing his friend something on the phone , '' says Lachlan . `` I 've heard that it 's called a 'dummy ' . I 've heard that it 's a phone number . It 's kind of a
a toilet sits under a toilet paper dispenser . The man is wearing a black leather jacket with a patch on the back and a black tie . `` I 'm trying to work out how I 'm going to get
a warehouse for bathroom items like sinks , closets and the like . The problem is , you ca n't buy things that will save you time and money . You ca n't make your own laundry , wash your house
a piece of chocolate cake and a fork with a little bit of water , and the rest is all you need . If you 're looking to start a new family , this is the food for you . Protein
a toilet and toilet paper dispenser are not available for purchase in the building . The building has been built by private developer Cottontail Investments , in support of the new community development project . The
an empty road with buildings on each side . The road is called `` The River . '' It is the only place in the world that can not be visited by humans . `` I wanted to save people from the darkness of
a parade of motorcyclists take a tour of the city 's most famous landmarks . The procession , which takes place on Saturday , is expected to be filled with people from all over the world . The
a group of people riding on the back of a white van . The man and woman are both in their early 40s and have been arrested on suspicion of drug possession . Police say the two are in custody on suspicion of
a bathroom with an enclosed shower door next to the bathroom mirror . The bathroom door was removed from the bathroom mirror , and the mirror was replaced with a towel . The bathroom mirrors were removed from the bathroom
a motorcycle is parked in a parking lot . ( Photo : Courtesy of the City of San Diego ) The idea of a bike lane was just one of many in San Diego 's booming bike culture . From
a bathroom sink underneath a medicine cabinet next to the entrance to a hospital . `` It was just a horrible experience to get into this situation , '' she said . `` I was scared . I was sick from trying to
a classic car parked next to a large truck . The car is just like a car , except that it 's a truck . As a side note , you can see that the front of the car has the exact
a large white bathroom with a massive mirror made of paper and glass . You can see through the mirror to the left , and you can see a large , white window . It is really quite clear . It was an interesting
large number of motorcycles riding down a city street . These are not the same as the `` road rage '' that is so commonly associated with the term . The phrase `` road rage '' is used to describe a situation where something
a massive motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles . They had their own parking space , which was not far from the parking lot where the car had parked . `` I think I saw a lot of people come in and
close up of a person riding a bike , '' said John D. Cipriano , the executive director of the National Bike Share Association . `` The goal is to prevent the spread of diseases , so people can
abandoned equipment sits amongst the ruins . The `` toxic '' scene is only one of dozens that has been reported . Last year , a video from outside the building was posted showing the body of
gorgeous old buildings and statues at the top . A sign on the door reads `` Do not enter this place . Do not enter this place . Do not enter this place . Do not enter this place .
a person eating a banana in a kitchen . `` I have to come out of my office and look at the banana and see that it 's not like I 'm eating it . I 'm really looking at the banana
a zebra with its head down and ears down . The coloration is almost the same as the black . This is a very good thing because it makes it easier to distinguish between the two . The white is also very
a herd of animals traveling down a country road that is so steep that you ca n't even see what you 're doing . The cows are there to take care of the animals , but the humans are there to take care of
a person riding a motorcycle on a race track . `` It 's a very dangerous road and it 's a very dangerous place . It 's a very dangerous place , '' said Rolfe . The accident happened
a restaurant called time to eat on l'Amour and I 'm going to do it again this year . Rachael ( Nina ) Rachael ( Nina ) has a special place
this is an image of the inside of the wall of the building that I have been toying with , I did n't realize this would be a very practical plan until I was a senior at the University of Illinois , where
china airlines plain on the ground at the time of the incident , and the woman was taken to the hospital where she was treated and released . `` The woman was not injured during the incident and will be out
an open laptop equipped with a webcam in the center of its chassis . It 's a high-end laptop for those who love to sit in the front seat and keep their eyes open while the screen is playing video games .
child laying down with arms extended in the air , and she seemed to have been holding her breath in anticipation of something , but there was no sign of her movements . `` Oh , I was scared , my sister
a lady holding up a pot roast while she eats . The video was posted to YouTube by the woman who claims her husband is a `` fat bitch . '' It shows her trying to get a hamburger from a man
a row of motorcyclists lined up in the middle of the road in the middle of a busy street . `` This was the last time he took off my trousers before the sun came up , '' said one of
a skateboarder doing tricks on the road , which was a little different from me . This was also my first time skating with a skateboarder . It was about 12 years ago , so I was really excited to
a fancy toilet bowl with golden scroll work in the middle , and you 've got a beautiful looking table . The main kitchen is also very nice , and there 's also a lot of storage . The main
quiet street corner with construction crane in background for a final meeting . The meeting took place at approximately 1 p.m. , a few hours after the fire broke out and as local media reported , the fire was still
a fancy , sunny kitchen with bowlfuls of fresh fruit , some sautéed , some hot , some cold , soiled and ready for a hearty dinner . `` Oh , you 're so pretty , ''
a rustic kitchen with wooden drawers and a wooden floor . On a dark side , there is a large wooden table , with a wide table on which you can stand your food , drink your drink and sit at the
a functional kitchen with granite cabinets and white walls that are designed to hold everything from coffee to beer to bread . The kitchen is equipped with two large kitchens that are divided by a wall wall and three small kitchens .
a cat sitting on a hard wood floor . `` I think I 'll let you know when I have a chance to see you , '' she told him . She then handed him a pink box stuffed with the
a motorcycle parked on a narrow street sitting in a deserted area , not far from the village of Kuznakovo , where a Ukrainian warship has been holed up in the water for two weeks .
a kitchen with white cabinets and a granite countertop . I had taken the chef 's seat at the table to ask about his lunch . `` It 's my birthday . I love you , '' I replied .
a cubicle with both a mac computer in it and a smartphone with an Internet connection . It 's a $ 400 machine with a 2.5-pound chassis that 's a little heavy on the inside with a nice ,
a large silver pot sitting on a countertop . `` Do n't worry , I 've got the best of all worlds ! '' he exclaimed , his fingers running across the top of his bowl . `` Now let 's get
an all white painted kitchen with a ceiling that was covered with red . `` Hmmm , I guess you could say that the house is in a sense a kind of 'Doom Village ' kind of place , ''
kitchen with wooden cabinets and a brown paper bag . `` It was a good experience , '' he says . `` The food and the atmosphere was really amazing . '' The two men , who have been living in
an empty bathroom with a toilet , bathtub , and shower . Then she walked out of her house and left . When she was questioned at the courthouse , the woman said that she had been at a party with
an orange cutting knife on top of a large saw . In this case , the blade was sharpened by hand to the point of stabbing the blade into the flesh . The knife was then swung with the saw ,
a cat sitting on the wood floor cleaning his lunch at the McDonald 's . He is a former Navy SEAL who was captured by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria in 2014 . He has not been charged with any
a clean knife and french bread sit on the table . I 'm ready to eat . I 'm not sure I would go back to your place but I would like to order the next batch of this . I 'm
two vespas parked next to a parked car , which might have been a sign of the car , and it probably was n't a sign of a real car . ( And now there 's a new one for those who
a person using a cell phone in front of the home . `` And we are just not having that kind of conversation , '' said the woman , who did not want to be identified for fear of retribution .
collection of vintage motorcycles sitting on display at the National Museum of the American Indian , Indian American Heritage , and American Indian Heritage and the National Museum of the National Park Service in Washington , D.C . There are
a man riding a motorcycle with his dazed girlfriend on a motorcycle with a man riding a motorcycle with his girlfriend in a motorcycle with lights out on a motorcycle with lights out on a motorcycle with lights out on a motorcycle with
a zebra and a giraffe stand out as the most popular animals on the planet . The giraffe is a common food source in many parts of the world , and in many other parts of the world ,
a streetlight on a road in front of the city 's city hall . `` The question is : what is this guy doing ? '' she asked . `` Do I have to be on my way out ? Can I
a vintage motorcycle on display with others of his vintage heritage in Portland , Ore . He is the recipient of the National Motorcycle Museum 's `` Golden Age of Motorcycle Photography '' Award . The motorcycle is the second
two old hospital beds with a nurse manning the front desk . One of the nurses saw some of the patients lying , and she took a picture ( below ) of them . She then took these pictures
a painted white kitchen with a refrigerator and a large kitchen sink . He went outside to find the couple , who he knew from the night before , having gone to a friend 's house . `` I went
a small bicycle on a shelf display case . The car-sized case is large enough to accommodate two people and a small chair , and the seat can be folded down or reclined so that the person can sit upright .
a bathroom with a white toilet next to a door . `` The only way to find out is to go in and see the bathroom . I 've gone in there and said , ' I want to get a shower
a picture of a bathroom with a toilet covered in feces . `` You ca n't really think about what that means , but it 's kind of like a joke about a toilet , right ? '' And so , he was
a cat on a wooden floor in front of the house , a group of children , all crying and all screaming , are trying to take pictures of a cat that has already been killed in the house . The girl
this is an image of a cat sitting in the back seat of a car parked in the middle of the road . I can imagine a cat sitting in the front seat of a car and not being able to use her own
a man eating a banana at a kitchen table . A man , apparently in his 50s , was shot dead by police when he confronted them on his way home from work , according to the Baltimore Sun .
a an demolished building with equipment left there , it was only a house . The house , however , was not without its own problems . One of the tenants said that after being forced to leave the building
two mopeds and two bicycles locked into a van , the robbers drove off with their stolen goods . The first suspect , a woman named Janine , was found by a neighbor in the area of 14th
this is an image of scooters and a car that was parked in the garage . `` It is not true , '' he said . `` But it was parked in the garage . '' According to the lawsuit ,
a group of motorcyclists waiting at the entrance to the Kuma River when they were forced to leave the scene . The woman was taken to a hospital and later died after being hit by a light . The
a kitchen with a stove and a tea kettle . It 's good for a quick breakfast or a snack . The house is in the beautiful neighborhood of San Antonio , the home of the iconic Little Italy . The house
a bathroom with a sink , counter , and a shower . She had a closet full of clothes , as well as a bathroom . `` I do n't think she was going to go to the bathroom , '' Leila
a gray cat on the hood of a car . `` I do n't think it 's fair to call him a racist , but it 's not fair to call him a racist , '' said the mother of the boy who
bathroom stall with an east asian-style chair that is about a foot high . I 've never tried a chair for my family 's breakfast and I 've never been too pleased to have one , but this one was
a man in red and plack sleeping bag , with a black bag under his left arm . `` I 'll tell you what . You ca n't be in the same place with one of the two of us . ''
a large group of motorcyclists are not protected from the dangers posed by the lack of safety equipment . They are often the only ones who are allowed to use their bikes . However , the bike safety legislation of the European
a cat sitting in a bathtub not too far from my home . She was a bright and bubbly girl , who was also a good sport . `` Oh , she was wearing a scarf , she was wearing a scarf
a toilet seat turned into a piece of wood . `` It was a very unusual place , '' said his mother , Lidia . `` I was lucky to have all the water in the house . I was so happy
an airplane is on the runway ready to take off . The aircraft is still on the runway , but is about to be towed off . The US National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) has issued a report
a lit up counter with two fancy sinks . `` You know what I 'm talking about . If we ca n't get any more people to come back , then , well , let 's just go over there and get some sleep
clos up of a street sign with your name . What : A street sign that says `` I Love You . '' What you ca n't find : The sign will always be there . What 's
a man sitting in a kitchen winowl of the sun , and his friend , who was on the other side of the room , sat on a table and watched the men . `` It 's like you 're
a young girl holding onto a teddy bear . Liz said she tried to get rid of the bear by walking to the nearest grocery store before the incident started , but the bear did n't seem to care .
a large double decker yellow bus with a blue-and-white stripe across the rear . The rear of the bus is a white bus with a blue stripe across the rear front . The bus has a 2
two men walking through a field next to the church . He said they were trying to pull over when they saw three men with long black hair coming from the back of the truck . The witness said he heard three
a parked black motorcycle in front of a bus stop . The driver was stopped in the back seat of the vehicle . The motorcycle was hit by a truck . When the driver looked down it looked like a bag ,
some pans and kitchen spoons hang from the ceiling , and the ceiling can be seen from the kitchen sink . A large number of paintings are painted on the walls of the house , with some paintings of the Old
a view of two mirrors inside of a small boat . While most of the media is focused on the Trump campaign 's claim that Hillary Clinton lied about her use of a private email server , there is one person who
a man on a cell phone walking across the street from a bar . He was the kind of person who would walk across a bar with a bag for dinner and bring them back to the bar . But he was also a
a black and white cat sitting on the couch , and I ca n't tell if he 's in distress or not . She 's just as worried about her husband as I am , because she 's always worried about her husband .
a bus driving up a road on a road in a city which is not a normal part of a normal life , as I am sure that is why people from different backgrounds would come here , like this truck , to make
a person sitting in front of a computer . `` You ca n't do that on a smartphone , '' she said . `` You ca n't do that on a tablet and you ca n't do that on a phone .
a toilet bowl sitting in a bathtub ) I have a question for you . If you 're a female , where do you live ? You can find a link to my answer here . You
a person in a giraffe costume in a park . `` It 's a little creepy , '' he said . `` There 's no way that a person who runs down the street and opens a window can be a person
a restroom with a white toilet next to a large black toilet . On top of this , there are a number of other bathrooms that are similar to the ones shown in the video . The two bathrooms inside the house
a plane waiting at the tarmac as it departed , and his wife , who had stayed at the airport , was among the first to arrive . The airline , which had just flown to Brussels , flew the pilot
a boy stands next to some motorcycles while a woman and a man stand in front of them . There are some small details that you might not notice , but they make it clear how much of a difference it is .
somebody wearing a giraffe costume greets the photographers with a big grin as they pose for a photo . A man with a white coat walks outside after receiving a call from the police . A man with
an adult cat is sitting inside of a bag with a small window in the middle . She has been eating for a while and has been unable to find food . She is lying on the bed and is not aware that her
a bathroom with a toilet that has a shower on it . `` I do n't know that I 've ever seen anything like this , '' he said . The woman 's mother , Angela , said she 's ``
a domestic cat rests on a kitchen table . The dog slumps over the dishwasher . It 's the kind of moment that you would do anything to avoid . And it 's something that you ca n't do without
a car wit hits hood open and a car goes out with a crash . The driver was found on the roadway and the car has been towed and the crash is under investigation . '' The city of Boston is now investigating
a custom motorcycle is parked alongside other traditional bikes . Ride with a motorcycle , and you 'll find some of the most popular custom bikes for sale . What is your favorite custom bike ? < |endoftext| > The New
a man sits on a toilet in a public place in the village of Iduk , in western Syria Reuters 6/40 2015 - An aerial view shows houses damaged by a landslide in Atsuma town , Hokk
a small white toilet sitting next to a white wall . He looks at me and smiles . He is in a rush , trying to get to a place with a friend , but I am not . I make my way to
a motorcycle parked next to a building with a black light , which shows a red light . `` We have a lot of people that live in the city and they have been using this street . It 's been used
a fluffy cat sitting on a desk by itself . For any of you who ca n't make it to the next day , I highly recommend a few more of these `` fluffy cats '' to help you get through
a clean store bathroom set of hand washing supplies , a fresh water heater , a washing machine , a cleaning cloth and a shower . The man who did not give his name and who did not know where to turn
a vintage chevrolet automobile with a 1.8-liter , 6-cylinder inline-four engine that has been converted into a gas-powered 4-cylinder engine . The $ 9,000
two people walking through a field as a group . Two men in a white shirt and black pants and helmets . They were dressed in black , white , and red suits and carrying a baseball cap and white baseball cap .
a group of urinals is near the end of the line . A male toilet seat is next to the toilet seat . A group of women enter a toilet compartment and sit behind a wall in the toilet . A
a small bathroom with a window in the back . I was surprised to hear that it was covered with the white carpet , as if it were a piece of paint , and I was surprised to see that its interior was mostly
a boy stands among a row of red and white striped curtains , with an umbrella and a white-and-black striped scarf . He 's dressed in a white white T-shirt and a white red scarf . He 's
people walking down a path as a plane skidded into the middle of the road . `` These people were doing nothing but doing their jobs , '' she said . `` They were very good people and they were doing
a man is posing with his motorcycle in front of a police van at around 5 p.m. on Tuesday , Feb. 17 . ( Photo : David J. Phillip , AP ) Story Highlights Law enforcement officers are investigating
a clean , white bathroom with a walk-in closet . The bathroom is an impressive 8.5 sq . ft. and has a good view of the beach . The bathroom also has a small pool , a pool table
a tiger cat sitting in a white bathrobe . `` So , you 're going to take my kids , too ? '' A female cat , from the same family , was sitting up on a bed with her parents .
a kid standing next to a motor scooter . It 's an accident . His mother was screaming . `` He was in a coma . He was in a coma , '' he said . `` I just do n't know
some planes in camouflage colors are landed on a base in the southern part of the United States . The Pentagon has been criticized for its tendency to place the aircraft over populated areas , and for its inability to make certain that any
a kitten has climbed up on a door , then climbed up and down , then jumped up onto the door and jumped down , then followed the door , then jumped down and then jumped back up on the door , then jumped
the beds are nicely made for next person and the bed is a good size . The mattress is very comfortable to sleep in . The mattress is made from the same material as the mattress , so the mattress is less likely to
a herd of sheep grazing on grass in the village of Ijou , Cameroon , on August 23 , 2014 . Hide Caption 14 of 73 Photos : Photos : Anti-Muslim violence in Australia Anti-Muslim violence in Australia
the bathroom counter is nicely decorated and organized . The bathroom is well lit and there 's no signs of vandalism . When you arrive , you 'll see a large sign in the center of the building , which reads ,
a man walking his bike past a wooden fence in a busy shopping centre on his way to get a job . The man was in his 20s and had been out of work for at least six months .
two stuffed animals are cutting bread and spreading it on top of it . They say they 're fed a 'salty diet of animal fat' The animal studies have not yet been replicated but the researchers say
a soldier riding a red motorcycle down an alley in the East Village on February 24 , 2015 in New York City . Photo : Evan Vucci / Getty Images window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _
an air plane on an air port run by the Turkish army near the island of Suruc , Turkey , October 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Murad Sezer The Turkish military said a Russian warplane that had
a man cleaning the parts of his bicycle for the first time . That 's all that 's left now . If you 're reading this , you 're probably reading this for the first time . If
the head beams from the vehicle can be seen . The vehicle , which was built by Ford Motor Company to power the Ford Focus , was described on Twitter as `` a great value for money '' and will be available
a bathroom with a toilet and window in a parking lot and a large number of fans on the side of the building . The site is described as a `` located space for the people to enjoy the game and play the
a zebra and a giaraffe . `` If you have a giaraffe , you do n't have a giaraffe . '' `` You do n't have a giaraffe . You have a
a striped shower curtain hangs in front of the front door , with the window open , looking out over the lake . It is a very cold day . The sun shines out from the window , illuminating the lake .
the bathroom is small but clean and neat . ) The toilet was covered with a white towel and a soft cloth . There were no other towels on the toilet floor or in the pool or shower room . There
small bathroom with a toilet , shower , and shower head . I did n't have a shower . I just used my own little shower . I never used my own shower . I still have a dirty wet washcloth in my
home kitchen view with all wood cabinets and a kitchen sink . The dining room has a large patio with a wide dining area that can accommodate up to three people. < |endoftext| > The first time I heard about the E-
a car in europe driving behind a train , and they had to pay €200 for the privilege of watching the train . In addition to the incident that led to the car 's crash in the back of the
airplane on the runway and a cloudy sky . The aircraft is scheduled to have flown from the airbase in Doha , Qatar , to the Dubai International Airport on Sunday evening and then to Dubai for a second
a kitchen filled with appliances and lots of water . I have been to a variety of food festivals , but none of them have ever really been like this . They get packed and the food is absolutely amazing . The
a bicycle parked next to a motor scooter . `` It 's a lot more than just a motor scooter . You know , it 's a much more advanced system , '' says Mr. Schuler .
a man standing by a large air gasket , looking up at us , and then pointing to the right and right of us , to the right of them . `` We were all in shock , '' he said ,
several similarly designed dishes are presented on this page , but here are a few of my favorite dishes that I 've tried at the restaurant . There are a few dishes that I have n't tried but I 'll try
a sliced up loaf of bread sitting on a plate . I was in my office , writing this post , and it was time for something a little more different . The idea was simple . You can create
a cat lying on a table near a table in a park in Berlin , after a dog had been strangled . Police said the first attack was carried out by a man who stabbed the dog with a knife .
a man sits on a toilet while looking at a map taken from a mobile device . One of the city 's most famous landmarks , a massive statue of the French poet Henri II , is being erected at the corner
man reading a book in his car with his wife , his kids , his wife , his wife 's parents and his children , and he was very tired and he got up and went to bed . He woke up one hour
two people preparing a meal in a kitchen before going to bed . On a recent day , the family of the man who shot himself in the head in the parking lot of the West Hollywood office of the LAPD were
motor vehicles that are unique being parked in front of a motor home , which is a way for the driver to drive the car to the end of the driveway . If you were driving the car on a street
a train is parked as a man at the scene of the shooting at the Victoria station in central London . Picture : PA A police officer was shot and three people were injured , but only one was seriously hurt .
a can walking on a railing in a city 's parks , parks , and public spaces , and if you were to walk across that bridge , you would need to stand on the second level of a stairway , or stand
a grey and white cat sits on a bench in the courtyard , wearing a black hat . He has a large black beard as well as a long black beard . He is wearing a black coat and it has a red stripe
a white toilet in a public washroom in New York City . The lawsuit , filed in US District Court in Queens , alleges that the city was not aware of the `` toxicology findings '' until five days
cross street intersection shot on a cloudy day in April , '' said R.J. Gant , who lives across the street from the shooting scene . `` He was a good kid , very smart , very bright and he had
a metal urn sits on a stone pillar on the side of the bridge over the River Davenport , the most valuable of the River Kingdoms , at the foot of the bridge , from which the castle of Jarl
a towel on a drying rack in a small bowl . Pour the flour , salt and water into a large bowl . Add the flour mixture , baking soda , baking powder and cayenne pepper . Mix well , covered and
small tram bus parked between two stair cases . The bus is parked in front of the entrance to the building , and is on a separate street . The bus stops right next to a small wooden plaque that reads `` The Bridge
small white kitchen with a ceiling fan hanging off the ceiling . The kitchen was open about 10 minutes after sunset , and the lights were out . The kitchen was also very quiet . The only sound of any kind was
two stuffed toys sit near bread and jam on the table , two large cups of water and a large bowl of soup . There are some tables where you can grab some snacks , some food and some drinks . One of the
a park offers fresh air and a place to play , and a good time is having a good time and a great meal . What to do at the park Parking is on the outskirts of the park
a very nice bathroom with an enclosed shower . The bathroom is a bit narrow . I was told to use a more narrow bathroom . The bathroom had a large bed and a little bathtub . I tried using a towel but
motorcycle sitting in front of a garage door , it 's a little less obvious . While it does look like the rear door on the van is locked , it is in fact a good , sturdy door .
a public restroom with two sinks and a shower , a bathroom for the girls ' room and a bathroom for their parents . A local church has paid $ 100,000 in damages to the woman , who was found
a man in a red shirt and black pants . He is wearing camouflage pants and a black sweater . Police arrived at the scene and found his shirt , shirtless body , two handguns , a knife and a baseball
a kitchen with a big fridge and a small kitchen for food . The other two families on the list are the brothers and niece of a retired Navy SEAL who was shot and killed in a battle with the Taliban in
a knife and several slices of bread on the stove . The first thing I did was try to get a sense of what the scene looked like . It was a massive warehouse with walls that were covered in
a person with a giraffe costume greets a young female giraffe ( or any giraffe ) with a giraffe costume . The giraffe or giraffe costume is a large , round , double-edged , or other
a small cat looking over a ledge onto the ledge . She looks at him and shakes her head . `` I 'm sorry , I did n't mean to make you feel bad . I know you wo n't get any
small grey cat crawling over a woman 's head and trying to make contact , and the woman , who was only a half-niece , tried to put him down and get him off the ground , '' the doctor said .
view of a narrow bathroom with white vanity . The bathroom has a few small tables and chairs , and a large desk with a hardwood floor . It 's a nice place , but I never really felt comfortable .
woman riding her bike down a small side street . `` I remember her saying , ' I 'm so glad you 're home . I 'm so glad you 're here . ' I did n't know what she meant , but
several people are paddling a paddle , but it 's not the same . What happens when you 're out paddling on the beach every day ? `` I get up from the beach and do the
a bunch of people standing outside a colorful box in the corner of the parking lot . It was a fun time . It was so colorful . It was the beginning of the end . Some people were wearing white and some were
a simple bathroom with a toilet and shower , and then a shower and toilet . This is a large bathroom with a bathroom , shower , and shower . This is a small bathroom with a bathroom , toilet
a bathroom with a sink a toilet and a shower . `` In this case , it was probably an incident where a woman was trying to avoid getting caught in the act , but she was also using a bathroom on
a striped cat sits in a bath tub in his new home . A large white cat is sitting in his new home . A large white cat is sitting in his new home . A large white
this new fridge goes great in this clean room . It 's a great addition to your space and it 's very easy to clean . We did n't have any trouble cleaning the fridge , and it was completely unzipped .
a big motorcycle sitting next to a line of men wearing white . `` I 'm not going to lie , I was surprised to see the white guy in the middle , '' a girl told police . The girl
a young boy stands in the middle of the field . The team hopes he can be a part of the team . `` I know you ca n't have a young boy with a perfect smile , '' a young boy says
lovely , clean dark set kitchen display , light and quiet , light and quiet The Kitchen of the Damned , a classic and gorgeous set of windows in the interior , dark , clean , low lighting , and
tall toilet covered in artwork and seat shaped like a 'T' The house is just a few blocks from the famous T-Rex . The family have been named after a popular cartoon character , but the
a bathroom with a closed shower curtain outside . I was alone , but I did n't worry about the other girls . I just went to sleep and watched TV . The next day , I got a call from my
a person riding a bicycle across a crosswalk , and a person riding a bicycle in a vehicle that is moving at a speed greater than 25 km/h . '' The study 's authors conclude that if the rules are
a guy skateboarding outside near a tree and the police were called to the scene . I was riding my bike and when I saw the police there I ran over to them and said `` they just called the cops , they
a well decorated toilet seat with undecorated markings . The toilet seat is covered in a durable fabric and has been professionally manufactured to last as long as it is needed . It is available in a
a long beige bathroom with a door in the middle . It was a good time to get dressed and go for a walk . The next day , all we could see was a couple of men in
a group of bikers riding down the street and looking all over . The video shows a man with a hooded sweatshirt walking along the sidewalk , a hoodie and a handgun in one hand and a gun
a commercial international airline jet on a runway at Hong Kong airport , amid protests EPA 44/50 16 August 2018 Muslim pilgrims walk out after the Friday prayer at the Grand mosque ahead of annual Haj pilgrimage in the holy city of
two hospital beds sit ready for patients beside them . At the time , many patients said they feared their lives would be saved if they had come under attack . 'Not a word' Mr Smith
two men , one reading , one on the sofa , one on the floor , one on the sofa , one on the sofa , one on the sofa , one on the sofa , one on the sofa , one on the
a person sits on the toilet in a car . A woman runs to a bar where she has sex with a drunk man . A man in the middle of a bar has sex with a drunk man .
two stuffed animals , two loaves of bread , two cups of coffee and one cup of bread , all stuffed with white flour and sugar . I 've not yet been able to find a recipe for this , but
an airplane sits on a runway at an undisclosed location near the village of Zawahiri in eastern Nigeria . The Isis group grabs offensive offensive positions in North and South Sudan . It blames the violence of the former British colonial
the unfinished room has tools and construction materials that will be used in the future , including hand tools , a wrench , and other tools and construction materials as well as materials , including wood , metal , and plastic . The project
there is newspaper in the spot where the woman is standing . We went there to see if she was in good health . '' Wesley said the woman had been taken to hospital with minor injuries . Police said
a public transportation bus turned over on its way to the airport Wednesday morning after a driver was caught on a bicycle . The bus was stopped just before noon , and crews were called to a nearby intersection to make sure
a fat ass sitting on a toilet with a butt plug in it . The first time you see that one it 's like , how the fuck is this ? You 're like , `` Oh no . '' It 's like
the motorcycle riders are driving down the road and a cyclist is standing up , I have to say that the drivers of the motorcycle are really kind of out of control . It 's kind of like they are trying to get a
two beds sitting next to each other in a small space . But one of the beds is still locked , and the others are still missing . In the middle of the night , they wait and watch .
a black cat half-submerged in the night and died . The other two died of heat exhaustion . The cat was found at a shelter near Mount Hockenbury in West Sussex .
a bathroom with the urinals facing an open doorway . After five years of legal wrangling , the city and county agreed to pay more than $ 10 million to settle a $ 5 million civil lawsuit filed by a
a cruising motorcycle parked on grass next to a small farm , the car 's headlight on , and the car 's headlights on . Advertisement The police officer was `` put in a position to see if he
a restroom hanging off the side of a building . But that 's it for this article , but it is the truth . I recently wrote about a couple of similar bathroom options available in the downtown area . So I
a bathroom with powers on a towel rack . The bar was stocked , but the only food was a few hot dogs and a couple of cans of soda . The rest of the food was from inside the restaurant with a few
two men sitting on separate city benches at the head of a crosswalk in front of a statue of the Buddha at the entrance to the temple . Buddhism has been a religious movement for over 60 years
a bicycle is sitting on a shelf in an old church , and it has no idea where it is going . `` There is no way of knowing whether the next person will find it , '' she says . And the only way
a knife and some pieces of bread on the floor . She said she has been in a `` thunder-bust '' for a couple of weeks now , and they 're trying to get more money for the hospital .
a man riding a motorcycle next to a bus . The driver is shot in the leg . He is pronounced dead at the scene . The bus driver is later found shot to death in his driveway . Another police officer
a man peddling a bicycle on the side of the road in front of the home of his sister , who died after becoming seriously ill . The man was arrested at the same time in the middle of August but
two men are standing in a field near the village of Paz , south of the city of Paz , to protest the decision of the local police to block the way to the police station A man walks past
assorted blue and white vases sitting in the room . One of the people in the room was wearing a T-shirt with a `` Korean flag '' and a blue button down shirt with a green button down shirt
the guy wearing camouflage outfit with the orange helmet in my head is like , 'You know who I am ? I 'm the guy who wears camouflage ? ' He looks like I 've just had a heart attack , so I think
a woman walking past a bar with a big bottle of wine , after which she says `` Do n't you think that I 'm a girl ? '' The woman replies `` Yes ! '' You have a lot of questions
a compact toilet and shower of a small size . And in an article for the New York Times , the author , David Lai , writes that he `` was told to leave the house to get a clean shower
a line of urinals in an open field . `` That is unacceptable . The situation is unacceptable , '' he said . `` We need to make sure that we have adequate safety and security . We have to make sure
a woman preparing food at a restaurant for the first time in her life . She was 18 and had just finished her first day at school . The mother of two was found dead of natural causes just minutes after her
a double decked bus holding a group of men and women . The police said at least seven people were killed and at least six others were injured . The group were holding an anti-Islam rally at
a view of a bathroom with double sinks and a wash basin , a shower , and a toilet . This is the only bathroom in the neighborhood that is free of crime . The homeless are a major concern
a couple of young adults with a body of work that includes a book and a bookshop , and a place to find them . Their goal is to find a way to live a life that does n't involve violence
a dirty public washroom with a newspaper and a big TV set . `` I would like to spend about $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 to get that done , '' he said . The project
a man riding a dirt bike through a wooded area near the town of Nairobi , Kenya , in this January 18 , 2017 file photo . REUTERS/Yair Mohamed The U.S. military has
a cat sitting on the hood of a car , and the sun was set against a house in the village of Arak , south of the capital Konya . The street is now dotted with cars , and the people
a man poses on his motorcycle in front of the House of Commons in London . Mr Cameron said he would take a `` hard-hitting approach '' to the EU referendum . And Nigel Farage , who has been accused
a cat sitting on a kitchen counter near the door . He told the detective that he saw the cat as it was being fed and he pointed to some other items on the table . The detective was able
a girl with a drink sitting on the floor of the bathroom . She was getting ready to go to class , and she was getting ready to get her coat off . I asked her whether she had ever eaten , and she
an older woman walking behind a bus on the north side of the city . A man in his 20s standing next to her said there was no alcohol between them . Police said they were called to the
yellow school bus designed to allow people to take a tour of the country . The bus was designed and built by North Korean contractor Koryo Electric , which started its own project in 2008 . The bus
a motorboat is towed through a crowd of protesters , who have set up barricades around the dock on Tuesday . The boat 's captain , a man named Pauline , was detained by riot police after the two
a bus on one of it 's sides ; another in the middle of the bus , and another on the right . If you are a carpenter , you could build a house on the side or the bottom of the bus
a lady near some rocks during the daytime during the day . He had been shot in the leg and was rushed to the hospital . The shooter has been identified as the suspect in the shooting that left 22
a bicycle and a moped going different directions , the driver can easily switch from a single lane to another lane . The speed limit of this lane is 8mph , and the speed limit of the other lanes is 10mph
group of police officers riding on yellow motorcycles . One of those officers is a member of the FBI 's Special Operations Command and is known to have been involved in numerous terrorist attacks in the United States . In addition ,
there are many motorcycles driving on a street corner , and the road becomes more dangerous every day . But if you can find someone to ride on that street corner , you have a chance to get a ride on a motorcycle .
a man and a woman standing in a line behind a bus carrying a child in a crowded street . The incident happened about 1:30 p.m. at a block of West Virginia Boulevard at the intersection of
a motorcycle sits beside a wooden building with a single black hole . It 's a small , rectangular building that is a bit like a museum or a library , but it 's just the right size for a museum .
two people riding a motorcycle to the beach . The driver was taken to hospital . The victim was the first to report the incident . Police said they did not know if the man had been involved in any
a decorative sink sits with flower designs and an antique fireplace . Garden in a Garden in a Garden in a Garden in a Garden We have three main areas of our property that you may want to consider
a bathroom stale with a toilet and an arm tied behind her back . She then had to get a towel and a pair of socks from a guy who she liked . She asked him to put his hands around her
a modern art piece on display in a museum 's central office , is a piece of art that is not only a piece of art but a piece of art . It is also a piece of art that has been around since
a dirt bike parked near a tent in the middle of the road . It 's just a short walk from where she went from being a young mom to a young adult . She 's worked her way up to the top of
a bus drives off on a rainy day , as it was the last one to get around . ' I 've been doing a lot of research on this bus , and I do n't think I 've ever seen anything
a person riding a skate board on a roadway or other public road , and that the person is not traveling in compliance with the laws of the municipality and is not within a reasonable travel distance of the roadway or public road ,
a bathroom with a decorated toilet near a table . `` I really do n't know what to make of the guy 's behavior , '' said the woman , who asked not to be identified . `` He was like , '
a group of urinals sitting next to each other . The woman in the dress is wearing a red hat with a black skirt and a black scarf . She has a black hair and a light brown dress . The woman in
a woman rides her bicycle down a narrow street in the North Bronx , New York , U.K. , on July 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria '' It 's sad that you ca n't see
a pan filled with veggies and a block of tofu . Serve with a side of sesame oil for a savory side dish . Vegetable Bowl ( Yum . ) Serve with a side of
a tabby house cat walking all over town . He was so excited to get into a new home he went to his mother 's house and bought him a large bowl of soup . He was so happy to be brought along
black and white cat with collar peeking out of one corner of the room . `` We 're going to have to get her and make sure that she 's not going to get out of there , '' said a man
three men around a table looking at an object , and then they were gone , and then the other men came to the table and they had left . `` I did not know what to do , '' said Mr .
a bathroom with a black and white bathtub . The woman later told police she had been given a prescription for a pain-reducing substance and had been given it in a package that was still there .
a large jet is parked just outside the building . The scene has drawn hundreds of people , many of whom are on foot or in the car . A number of police and fire service personnel stand guard at
a bathroom with a toilet bowl and shower . `` I 'm not going to wait until this gets over with , '' she said . `` I 'm not going to take anything from someone who 's going to get sick .
a person laying on a bench in front of the house , '' he wrote . The man , who has not been identified , was arrested about 9:30 p.m. Tuesday . The man was taken
a small toilet bowl on display in the kitchen , which it is set to hold a small food processor . `` It 's a little bit of a hassle , but it 's fun to be able to use it , ''
a traffic motorcycle cop waits to give a stop sign to a man after he was stopped by police in New York City on October 4 , 2016 . Photo : AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite window._taboola
the grey cat is sitting on the edge of the bed and has a look of disgust at her . 'It 's a cat , she 's a rabbit ! ' she says . I ca n't help it a little bit
a bathroom with a bathtub and a shower . She had a boyfriend , and they had a son . `` We 're a very small family , '' said the woman in her 60s , sitting on a
a man riding a motorcycle with a woman in her car . The woman was driving eastbound on Highway 101 , and the man riding the motorcycle was stopped at a stop sign . Police said that the man , who
a group of bikers assembles outside the city 's entrance to protest the shooting of a man on the city 's west side . ( AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli , File ) The San Francisco Police
a kitchen filled with clutter all over it . The restaurant 's decor is spot on , and the atmosphere is always fun . In the summer months , I 'll have a few beers and enjoy the food . But in
a small dirty bathroom with a simple sink , and a small bathtub . The only thing I ever tried out was a toilet , and at some point in my life I found myself going on and on about the same things
a white kitchen with a ceiling fan a few feet away , in a small flat room to the left of the fireplace . I stood and watched the kitchen sink sink into the living room , and then I turned the heat off
police riding motorcycle down a road next to a road sign at an intersection . The driver was carrying an unloaded shotgun . The driver was later arrested and charged with second-degree murder , which carries a maximum penalty of
a pair of cutting utensils lie on a shelf in the kitchen . A couple of young men in matching dark glasses stand guard , one man holding a knife , the other holding a sword . `` We can
a young man performing a trick on an old man , and he was sent into a coma . ( Image : Getty Images ) The victim 's wife went to the police and told them about the incident and
the woman rides her bike down a small street in his neighborhood , and he 's not wearing a seat belt . `` It 's not like I 'm going to be the one who goes to the hospital and sees them in the
an older woman sitting on a drift log near my home . I took her to the doctor , who gave her a test for Paedophilia and asked if she had ever been sick . She told him she had been
a bathroom with a towel and a nice big bed . I got home and did some stuff , then I walked to the laundry room and took one of the other towels I could find out about the bathroom . I called my
a bucket of paint some tools and an old bottle of liqueur . I 'm a big fan of the two-pack and I 'm going to be a part of it , but when I finish up the one-
bathroom with a shower , sink , and toilet . It 's a clean , modern and efficient house . The bathroom has a toilet in each room , and the sink has a shower in each room . It 's a clean
a kitchen with cabinets , a stove , and a shower . The whole family came to celebrate . All the kids were really happy to be home , and were very friendly and welcoming . We were having a great time .
cat sitting on the stomach of a woman , and he 's like , `` Oh my , I ca n't believe that 's what he 's doing . He 's not that bad , '' and I told him , `` OK , I
a kite with a long tail some months ago . It was a nice gift , as well as a lot of fun . I was happy with the price . It was a nice gift . The dog
a boy sitting on a skateboard in the early morning hours of January 14 , 1999 . Photo : Courtesy Roland V. Williams , left , and his brother , John , are shown in this undated photo
pair of giraffes in an open field . They were found by a team of researchers from the University of California , Los Angeles . The team studied the fossils with the assistance of two colleagues , Robert R .
a kitchen gets lots of sunlight , with the windows down and the air temperature down , so it 's easy to see how much more sunlight would be required to create a good room . If you 're looking for a
a green tent and a parked motorcycle and two small boats . The police said they did n't hear any gunshots in the area . Police have not released any information about the shooting . A second man
a man sleeping in the passenger seat of a moving vehicle while he was in the process of putting on a coat . He was arrested on a charge of possession of a firearm while under the influence of intoxicants
white vanity that opens up to a bathroom . `` What is that ? '' I ask . `` It 's a mirror , '' he replies . `` I do n't know , '' I say . `` But why
a flock of goats and some men watching them . `` I saw a herd of wolves , and I thought I saw some wolves coming up against the herd of goats . But a little while later , when the herd
a man checks his bicycle for damage before heading to the hospital , '' said police spokesman Lt. Mark McDaniel . Police said the cyclist was in a wheelchair , and he was able to walk . The cyclist
a man is sitting in a car holding a glass in front of his mouth . A friend of the man is sitting on top of it , looking down . `` A friend of mine is sitting on top of the
a kitchen stove with a fry pan and a glass of water , with a lid on the stove and a lid on the kitchen stove . Baking soda is a popular form of soda . While it is a low
a urinal is in a bathroom near a clinic where I am being treated for prostate cancer . I was told that the doctor would be there and they would come and check the patient , but no one came . The doctor
a man standing next to cable car and a man outside a bank . He said : ' I am going to get in a car and drive away from here . ' I do have a gun .
some brown kitchen cabinets in a kitchen and a kitchen sink in the living room . We had a total of three different kitchen cabinets and three different sinks . I was really impressed by the kitchen cabinets and the kitchen sink and the
motorcycle parked in front of a school . He then drove off into the woods about 4 miles away . He was stopped by police . He gave them his cell phone . When the cops showed up , he said he
an older woman walking in the street and then she walks right into the police car . '' `` The police car is in a rage , '' she said . `` I just started shaking and yelling and I had to get out
man and a woman standing inside of a police car . A man and a woman were shot and one person was taken to the hospital . The shooter was shot after the shooting occurred , but is listed in stable condition at St
a tidy bathroom with a sink and mirror . She was a real nice girl , but the next morning she came back with a white towel , which she kept in her closet , and told me she could n't be bothered to
a red fire hydrant between two trees and a tree that was being used as a temporary shelter in the area . The fire was reported around 10:30 p.m. on East Lake Drive , near P
a kitchen with black cupboards and a black and white bedroom . The basement has a large , blackboard , which is a little too big to hold a candle . It 's also too big to sit on . So I
two birds sit on top of a parked car in a parking lot in the northbound lane of the I-85 Freeway , Friday , Nov. 11 , 2016 . ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik ) less
a skateboarder prepares to grind a 4x4 at a skateboard shop in Chicago , Illinois January 3 , 2015 . REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach '' We 're not going to run over this
a photograph of a very decorated toilet in the back of the bus . After the bus was returned to the bus stop , the driver of the bus started to make several calls . The driver of the bus asked the
man sits on his parked motorcycle with bodyguards in the parking lot of a nearby restaurant . The bodyguard says he was on a motorcycle patrol in the parking lot . Police say the man , who is
two people are preparing a meal in the kitchen to be served at the dinner party . He says he wo n't do that , but that he will `` have to do something very drastic to do it . '' On Wednesday
a red truck an airplane and a truck with a few people in it . The plane was also carrying some food for the people living there . The truck then left without any food and headed back to the truck . A
a picture of a clean and organized bathroom . `` I have a lot of friends here who are here for the whole family , '' said Mr. Barrera , who had just returned from a trip to Mexico and was
colorful sink in a bathroom area with a long , narrow staircase from the bathroom . The door is open and a door opens . A woman in a black long-sleeved dress with a white headband walks into
butter or cheese on top of some fruit . I was happy to find that I did n't need to use the egg , but still was not able to make the vegan egg mixture . I also tried
a black and white dog herding sheep . The next day she would be fed a fresh and tasty meal , and then she would be fed back to her owner for dinner . The owner would tell her the story of how
some bicycles and motorcycles are being displayed on a public sidewalk in the vicinity of the intersection of E. 6th Street and W. W. Road . The bicycle is scheduled to be displayed in the parking lot at
three bicycles are parked against a fence a few meters away . `` The police and the local authorities have made it clear that they are not taking any action on the case , '' said the spokesman . The cyclist
a row of urinals in an open-air restaurant in a suburb of Paris , France . The 24-year-old was shot dead by police in the French capital last week . He later died in hospital
a large airliner jet flying through the blue skies of Los Angeles in late April 2011 . Hide Caption 6 of 25 Photos : The search for MH370 After her disappearance , the Malaysia Airlines flight 370 disappeared into the Indian Ocean on
a hallway with diamond patterned walls leading down to the bathroom door . The door opened , but there was no sign of the girl . It was too late , and she fell to the floor , unconscious. ''
cat laying on a wooden table near microwave ovens . She 's doing great . Her eyes are full of tears , her face is full of worry . `` I 'm going to bed right now . '' The
a restroom with a urinal and a toilet . Advertisement There are also a few places where you can urinate without touching your body , such as a women 's pool , and some women 's shower facilities
a kitchen with an odd shaped counter top . The countertop is also a good place to place your food . I usually use a large frying pan to fry my food . I usually place my food on the countertop to
a long row of motorcycles parked side by side , some of which are even more than 50 years old . We were driving up the hill when we noticed the little red pickup and the four-wheel-drive versions of the
bowl shaped sinks perch on top of the boat , and was a common feature of the Victorian era . It has been shown that one of the most common features of the boat is the `` dining-st
a motorcycle parked next to a green tent , on the other side of a large garden . `` We did n't stop because we were scared , '' Heffner said . `` He did n't even want to do it
a long empty road way surrounded by wild animals , a young girl , a woman , a man and a dog . She is wearing a white scarf and a white jacket . She is wearing a white shirt with a blue hood
wood and metal bench in grassy area within the parking lot , it was a big deal . `` I think it 's a very good place to start and I think you should be able to tell that it 's
this is an image of several motorcyclists riding past the scene of an accident that occurred in the village of KwaZulu-Natal on Monday , July 21 . ( Photo : BOLT )
a man wearing a suit and tie under the white coat of a police officer , and a black man , wearing a white suit and tie under his red jacket and coat of a police officer , and a black man , wearing
a bus turned over on it 's side . I was driving a couple of miles out of town , which was nice to see . The driver was on an older train , which was about 50 miles away . He
a bathroom sink two baskets and a towel , and the `` Dangerous Woman '' on the opposite side of the sink , was the only one who had the courage to make a motion around her . `` I
a young man with an afro sitting in a corner of the car . `` Do you want to go here ? I want to go to this place . This is my home and I want to go to this place . ''
a cat sitting next to a computer monitor that measures the distance from his head to his neck . He 's been living without a home for the last six months . He 's been in the hospital for about two weeks . He
towels are hanging over rods in the same place as the rods in the original . The second piece of furniture is placed on top of it . The lamp is placed on top of it . The third and
a person is watching two basketball games at the same time . `` What 's the big deal ? Are you watching two basketball games at the same time ? '' `` This is an important issue . It will be
the frontal facade of an old gothic home in the middle of the city . The only thing missing is a black leather couch , a leather chair , a leather stool , and a leather stool with a leather strap .
a man and a large herd of goats , and a small herd of sheep . In the last few years , we 've seen many more than 4 million people being denied the right to vote . Some people like to
a parked motorcycle next to a green tent at the intersection of St. Clair and St. Paul streets . A white Ford Mustang was parked nearby . `` It was a lot of fun getting involved , '' said
a green mountain bike sitting next to a tree . `` It 's probably not for the faint-hearted , '' says the man who helped me navigate the trail . `` But it 's worth it . '' The trail
cat is being pet by it 's owner as it 's not going to eat . I think that 's a common problem . A lot of people may feel that their pet is not going to be able to care for itself ,
a white kitchen with plenty of counter space . He is a bit of a goth and had been working in the last few months because he wanted to have a few drinks instead of just to watch TV . He
two men walking a dog and watching an old lady 's dog bark a warning . Police say the dogs have no motive for their behavior , and the dog is now being held at the Homicide Unit .
a cat sitting on a toilet seat drinking coffee or water . Mr. Kuczmieli said the company had no plans to sell his pet , a female kitty known as `` The Cat . ''
cat messing around in the white bathtub , he was having a really bad time . `` He was yelling at me , 'This is what you should do to me , ' `` she told the Guardian . `` It
two stuffed animals team up to make jelly . The other team goes for a run . In the end , the team gets a win . This is the first time a team competed in a Grand
the small scissors are on top of a large knife in a circle . '' `` I 've got a bunch of people doing that , '' she said . `` I 'm sure they 're doing it right , '' she added
a large kite flying over a desert in the south-west of the country in the early morning hours of Nov. 6 , 2015 , in the northern town of Kargil , about 50 miles west of Kabul .
cat laying inside toilet seat possibly drinking the water out of a toilet seat . A second man was arrested and charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in connection with the accident .
a small , white bathroom in a private room . It 's a very rare occurrence . The city 's municipal health department told the Associated Press that the incident is still under investigation . The incident occurred
bunch of pots and pans hanging off the wall of the hotel . As I watched him enter the room , the bartender told me he was going to let me up , but he would not allow me until after
an elderly man tending to his bicycle repairs and then left the scene . According to his son , the man was a police officer . After two weeks of investigation , the police have determined that the man died in the
a truck and a propeller plane are part of that mission . The plane will arrive in the United States at a time when the FAA is looking to find ways to bring American aircraft into airspace over the Atlantic , including at
a black and white cat is sitting behind the other , so you can see a small black and white cat and a yellow and white cat , and so on . [ 7:01:13 ] We have a
a small restroom has a toilet and a shower . The toilet is a small bathroom that is used by some of the most popular girls in the United States . It can be used anywhere in the world , and there are plenty
a bathroom with a large sink and mirror . `` When we were going to the house , I started thinking about what I should do and I was thinking about going out and washing my face , making sure I got
watermelon and plates sit on a kitchen table . They 'll have to wait until the next day to be able to enjoy the food . But all of this food has become the new normal . `` I have people
looking out from a bar window a woman , wearing a black gown , is holding a bottle of whiskey in her hand . `` This is gon na be a blast , '' she says , and then says , `` Oh ,
a little girl lies on a wooden bench , her face covered with a wet rag . Her fingers are curled around the cloth and she is playing with the rag with her finger . She is playing with a string , playing with
four airplanes that are crop dusting the road . In addition , I have seen a number of aircraft that are flying over the town of Al-Nahr , in southern Iraq , which is located in
a cat looking down at the person lying beneath it . `` I 'm sorry . I think it 's a bit rough , but I 'm happy I 'm not dead . '' Mortensen 's eyes were bright
view of kitchen sink , stainless refrigerator and sink . The kitchen sink has been opened to the public and is fully functional . The kitchen sink has been opened to the public and is fully functional .
a man checking his bicycle petal wearing a black robe . He was sitting on a bench next to a large wooden bench , with his back to the wall , looking at the camera . `` What 's
two computer monitors with a view of a screen that is just over a foot wide , all four monitors are mounted to the wall . The computer monitors are mounted to the wall by attaching a small wire to the top
the motorcycle is parked outside in the walkway , and the driver runs away . The driver then goes into the parking lot and starts chasing down people . The police arrive and start arresting the driver . The driver is
a basketball game is shown on a computer screen . In the first episode , the team is shown playing a game that is about to begin when the player is hit by a baseball . In the second episode
vehicles driving and parked on a street , or a vehicle which is parked in a driveway on a street which is not a highway . ( b ) The following offenses shall be punished : ( 1 )
a man getting ready to board the turds of a cargo ship . A truck with two men in it . A man in a wheelchair being transported to a hospital . A man in a
a big wooden boat is sitting in the middle of the road . The boat is surrounded by trees and bushes . The boat is carrying a man and two women and a baby boy . When they arrive at the village
two stuffed animals on a table look icky . He 's a little scared , but he 's also a man . It 's a good thing , does n't it ? And he 's got that
a side of a kitchen with a white wooden table . A young man was waiting for a client to arrive . `` He came up and said ' I want to buy a bottle , ' '' says Shaul . `` He
a few motorcyclists exiting the road on Wednesday morning . Police were called about 11:20 a.m. , police said . `` We saw a vehicle traveling east on Broadway and a man coming out
room being remodeled and lots of tools and equipment to make this event even better . The event includes : 1 . A wide variety of food and drinks from our local restaurants and local shops 2
the people fly the kite and other things in the air . `` I think it would be great if we could make it a bit easier for people to fly the kite , and also allow them to take
a kitchen with utensils and sliced cucumbers in a small bowl . 4 . If you do n't have a big kitchen , you can use the kitchen space that you 're in for a small meal .
a man and woman standing in a kitchen with a woman beside them , shouting , `` This is the only place we eat ! '' The next time I came to the restaurant , I saw the man in the kitchen with his wife
a beautiful bathroom with a closed in tub . There are no restrooms in this space . The bathroom has a long and narrow driveway leading to a large pool that is a wonderful place to hang out . There is a
a man standing outside next to a motorcycle shop , he said , `` I believe in the Lord . He tells me that we want to go ahead and fight . '' `` We want to fight , '' he added , ``
a black and white cat sitting on some bushes . She was very happy when she saw him , and told him her story . She said that her sister was about to die when a huge explosion hit her house ,
a cat peeking around the side of the road . He pointed to the sideboard . `` I bet you have some work to do , '' she said . `` Yeah , I have a lot
small fishing boat is sitting on a busy road on a flat , rocky road . I was watching the sky and a bright flash of light came to me . I looked around to see when the boat was gone ,
the nomadic sheepherd walks behind the herd in its small town of Kew . While the nomadic sheepherd is a bit of a big animal , it has been around for thousands of years and it 's
an older woman in the street has a problem with a car . `` I 'm afraid my car will be stolen from me if I try to take this car to work . My car is so dangerous that I could
a bathrooms with lighted mirrors and lighted tables . In addition to the open spaces , a cafe , a bar , restaurant , bar , and lounge are also available . There are also a number of
a kitchen with a refrigerator and a stovetop . He also had a small kitchen with a kitchen sink and a small sink . When we were finally going out to dinner , he took a picture of the door ,
a dim runway has an airplane on it and the two planes collide . The plane flies into the clouds , hits a ground and flies to the runway , where it lands on a nearby hill . As it lands , the plane
a group of people gather around on a beach in the Indonesian city of Bali . Photo : Reuters A man walks to a beach in the Indonesian city of Bali as he searches for survivors of a bombing in
there is a small bathroom with a toilet with a door in it . The bathroom has a bed in it . The doorbell rings . The doorbell rings . The doorbell rings . The doorbell rings . The door
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a broken arm in the back corner of the street . The man was in his early 20s , wearing a white shirt with a white hood . He was carrying a handgun , a gray
a closeup on some chocolate cake has been shown in the videos . We 've included a full video of the scene below . It 's a fun little show , so maybe your friends and family will enjoy it too
a man sits on a curb with his head tucked inside his waistband . He 's wearing a black sweatshirt with a short , dark gray jacket and a dark gray hoodie . He 's a man with a long beard
a cat is on the floor by a hole in the wall . The cat is the only person that gets to see it . There are more than 1,200 people in the city 's parks , with many more
a man is herding his goats is a great thing . The whole world will be wiped out . But he is not a goat . He is a goat . And he is not a woman . What
several young students working at a desk at the school in the area in front of the school building . It had been a long year since they had been in the classroom , and they were all in the middle of finishing
a man in posing with a motorcycle in a white suit . He is accused of stabbing a woman who was trying to leave home . The man , who did n't want to be identified , told police he was shot
a scene of an apartment with a dining room with a large fridge . He says : ' I am not trying to impress , it 's just a matter of what I want to do next . ' The man
a man sits on a bench in a park in New York . He and his wife are a few miles from her home . They are in the midst of a day of public speaking at the Kennedy Center , a meeting where
newly finished bathroom with ceramic tile and a large fountain . I like to think I have the best bathroom in town , but my wife was on the inside and the bathroom was n't much better . I think we should try
a kitchen is featured with a refrigerator , and the kitchen is split into two separate rooms . A second kitchen is used for the dining room , and a third set of rooms is used for the kitchen . The main kitchen is
a tea kettle and skillet are sitting on the counter . I 'm not sure if you 've had a chance to try this one yet , but I did . It is the same recipe , but the addition of a
a man drives his car down a road that leads to the highway just beyond the city . The crash happened a month ago , and the driver has since been charged with careless driving . Police say the man and his
a woman holds a pink and blue kimono , and I am still in awe of that . [ 1 ] Yup , it says that the Japanese are a `` kind of '' species of kimono
a road leading to a bridge with a view of the village of Gauteng , where I am staying . There is no sign of the village , so I am quite sure that it is a place where the people live
a bright clean kitchen with a tile floor and a large kitchenette with a big kitchenette . The other two were furnished with a bathroom with a small kitchenette and a large kitchenette . The kitchenette and a large
motorcycles parked in front of a shop , with the rest of the motorcycle parked behind them . The police were called to the scene , and there were no injuries reported . Police say they will continue
a strange picture with suitcases by a white man . He 's got a lot of money . The man lives in a small town in the heart of the Netherlands . He has a wife and three children
motorcycles riding on a scenic road in central Ontario . ( Photo : Toni L. Sandys/The Canadian Press ) Story Highlights No one died in a crash involving a motorcyclist in central Canada
whole peeled and cut oranges in bowls , then cut into quarters . 2 . Sprinkle on chopped mint and cut into quarters . 3 . Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight
a group of people are standing with bicycles and walking their bikes . Takahashi 's group is also encouraging people to take a look at the video . `` They 're also pushing the envelope of the
an overturned bus with a person wearing protective gear on the way to the hospital , police said . Police said the person was taken to a hospital where he later died . Police found the bus a few blocks
a black and whit photo of a woman wearing her shirt , holding a black and white photograph of her friend , who was killed by a drunk driver . The man in the photo is a man identified only as '
a basketball game is being played on the first day of the first full day of the 2015-16 season . It will be a home game against the Pittsburgh Penguins on February 18th , 2015 . The Penguins will
people are gathered around at a bright green , red , white , and blue lighted table and a table on the top of the building . For a minute or two , the lights seem to be at their highest point and
a kitchen is sitting empty containing a countertop and some garbage . The manager says she 's trying to get the landlord to stop sending the garbage to the trash compactor , but they say it 's not a problem
motorcycles are lined up in a parking lot in the parking lot at the new parking garage in Newburyport . Photo : Melissa Phillip , The Chronicle window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola
three police motorcycles at a crosswalk talking to one another . The three had been going on a hike , a hike they had been driving , when they suddenly stopped at a crosswalk . They were stopped
the antique motorcycle is parked beside a truck on the road , and is parked in front of a car . `` We would like to see more people driving around on the street with their lights on , '' he said .
a red broken fire engine in front of the building , and a white man in a black suit on his way to work . The officer stopped the vehicle and asked the suspect if he had a gun , but he
several vehicles turning the corner on a sunny day , and then driving around the corner on a highway . If you want to try to go more than a mile , keep walking a few miles before making a right turn .
a little girl with a snack laughing on her way to school . `` My little girl , what 's wrong ? '' `` You want to know what happened ? '' `` Yes . '' `` Then I
a mirror image of a bathroom and a toilet . There is no evidence that the woman was sexually assaulted . The prosecution said the incident took place while the woman was not present at the event , but police
a sheep dog herding a flock in the river . The sheep are not to be attacked , and all other animals will remain . In the beginning of the year , when the sun sets , you are allowed to
an old building has stone arches and the windows are covered with murals . The building itself is a simple little building , with a large courtyard and a large courtyard with a small courtyard for the dining room . The dining
a safety conscious military dressed motorcyclist who had been `` in the area of the shooting until the gun went off . '' This was not a surprise to a civilian with a background in firearms , a fact that has been confirmed
people and bikers on the side of the road . The city is also giving the city $ 1.5 million each year to help with repairs . The grant goes to pay for improvements to the property , along
a breakfast bowl consisting of blueberry scones ( chocolate , hazelnut , hazelnut , hazelnut , hazelnut , hazelnut , hazelnut , hazelnut , hazelnut
three piece white bathroom with towel warmer and a chair . He was already halfway through his workday when the doorbell rang . `` Good morning , Mr. Potter , '' the doorbell said . `` What 's wrong
a lap top is portraying an identical screen and is seen as an homage to the iconic McLaren F1 car . The car is said to have been taken from the '60s McLaren F1 car in which Alonso
a large group of motorcyclists riding their motorcycles along the road . In a recent incident , a man in his late twenties was stabbed by two people who were riding in a car . The incident occurred on the
spoon in a bowl of chopped vegetables , and then add cooked vegetables and salt . Cook until vegetables begin to brown , about 30 minutes . Sprinkle with chopped onion and garlic and cook for an additional 30 minutes .
the bathroom has two large windows with a long , narrow window on either side . The bathroom mirrors have the same glass as the bathroom mirror but on the outside they have a dark gray color . The bathroom mirrors are painted white
a road with a red light indicating whether it was a vehicle . It was not . The man was asked to leave and the woman was detained , her body found on the roadside . The driver of the vehicle was
a young man at his workstation examines the contents of his laptop and finds a note . He has also discovered a note which he believes to be from the late '80s . Mr. G. is a tall ,
a woman on a bike with a baby at a local shopping mall in January . The woman was in a wheelchair and needed emergency surgery , but was able to stay on the bike . `` It was a pretty good
the woman is riding a bike with a broken foot . She 's looking at the ground and there 's a broken foot on the ground . And she 's scared . She looks at the bike and the guy who 's been riding
men keep watch on a herd of goats , and they have been known to kill the sheep without warning . We know of other instances of goats killing cows , as well ; for we are told that they are called 'the
the man is holding two knives in his hand , the other is holding a gun . `` We ca n't go through it , but we can go through it , '' she said . The homeowner was not injured
an airplane flying in a clear blue sky over the city of Cologne , Germany , on Tuesday , April 17 , 2016 . REUTERS/Yves Herman The police did not release a single name , citing security concerns .
a girl is sitting on the toilet in her bed with her mother . The boy , who is in his late twenties , has been with her for two months . She has stopped calling him that . In order to
four airplanes are flying over a grassy field . There are no bombs , no weapons , no bombs , no rockets . A small group of people are climbing out of the fence into the sky and watching . They do n't
a bathroom has a slanted roof and is open at all times . In the morning , the front door opens when the sun goes down . The doorbell rings twice . Once when the phone rings at 6 a
a car flying a kite in the sky . A police officer watches as a man is jailed for three years for driving with a suspended license . A man who was driving a car with suspended license in
four airplanes taking flying in the sky with a view to finding the most dangerous of targets . The air force was looking for a target that would not only destroy the aircraft but also destroy lives . The Soviets had been
a griaffe standing in a meadow . At the top of the hill in the center of the cave was a small house , a little like a large house , with a little window on the right side that
person dressed in black with red shirt laying on the ground , a black face framed by white shorts with a black shirt hanging over his head , and a black and brown hat with a black face . On the day
a police officer on a motorcycle sitting at a traffic light that is on his way to a bar . He later turned his truck around and made it into the road . The driver of the truck then sped away .
a police officer is outside on his bike . They say he is trying to get away but his wife says she is still worried about him and their son being there . The woman says the suspect grabbed her by the
a bicycle leaning on a concrete wall next to a window . `` It 's not like a lot of people have any idea what 's going on , '' he said . `` They 're all just like , 'Oh ,
an airplane on a runway with snow on July 7 , 2013 in Winnipeg , Manitoba . ( Photo : Brian Snyder/The Canadian Press ) The Winnipeg Jets have announced it is suspending its contract with a former CFL franchise
three bikes parked outside a local restaurant establishment . They were seen carrying a bag containing stolen cash , as well as the stolen driver , before fleeing the scene . Police say the suspect was being questioned by officers
a jet is sitting on the cold and snowy ground in the middle of the sky , and the sun is shining . There are no children present here . `` Oh , wait , do n't stop . I 'll have
motorcyclists riding down a country road are probably not the most efficient people to drive . The problem is , the roads that we spend most of our time on are not designed to be ridden . But there
a piece of dutch chocolate cake with a bit of vanilla extract . It was a bit of a rush and I was n't expecting it . I like to use a little less sugar than a lot of my other
a pan with butter and other ingredients for the sauce . I 've found that in most cases this sauce works pretty well in a bowl . Here 's the recipe : 1 cup vegetable stock , halved (
kitchen with view of stainless stove , and an open roof and a fireplace . There was no way to get upstairs , so we started to walk down the hall and find a few of our fellow diners .
motorcycles for sale parking in a city that 's been a destination for cars . The law was approved by the California Legislature in 2008 . It was passed in 2011 by a bipartisan vote , but was vetoed by
a colorful checkered motorcycle parked along Route 16 , which borders on the heart of Lake Michigan , and where the police have said it is `` safe to drive on . '' `` We have seen a couple of very
a grey van in front if a parking space is available . 5 . If you 're in an event you ca n't watch , the event is not a live stream . 6 . If you 're playing a
a woman riding a bike with her baby 's body in her back , which she says is a sign that she is `` trying to prevent it being a problem , '' was arrested . The woman , who also spoke
a man is working on a laptop next to his wife , who is also working on a laptop . The woman , who identified herself as `` Tina , '' told police : `` I had some idea I was going
a parked motorcycle that has a green and black stripe along the top rim of the seat . The frame is made of aluminum , and the seat is made of a plastic material . The motorcycle has a single-stage
a restroom is sitting empty with a tub of tap water . The New York Times reported that the woman was walking to the bathroom where she was forced to have sex with a man who then proceeded to take her to
a bathroom with toilet and vanity and orange-painted towels . I was going to take a shower and get my hair done , but it was too late . The man next to me had a large , white beard
a men 's public washroom with a bed made of black and white silk bedding , a dresser , a lamp , a basket , a bookcase , a lamp , and a chair . The bed was furnished with
a close up shot of a white toilet in the hallway . The police chief said the report was an isolated incident that was not being investigated . `` I would like to make an apology to the mayor and
a man on a motorcycle is talking with a man on a motorcycle . The man stops and asks the man if he could get this from him . The man stops and tells him he is a driver and that he is interested
a simple bathroom in beige with a beautiful , clean bathroom and a large window . A small window separates the two spaces and allows you to see all the windows from the inside . There 's also a small window
a mirror shows the inside view of a tiny space-time device used in space travel . A space-time device is a device that allows the user to move through time . Image credit : NASA/JPL
a brown songbird perched on the handle of one of the trees ( it 's too late to tell when the bird is being shot ) . `` We have a lot of work to do , because it 's a very
a small white toilette with the lid and a small tray of toothpaste . In the morning , the toilette is emptied into the toilet seat , and the contents of the bowl are carried into the toilet .
a modern bathroom with one window , toilet and sink on the top floor . There is no sign of a fire . The bathroom was filled with people and it became a sort of museum to them , a place to
a man laying down on a park bench in front of his friend 's home in New York City , on Dec. 17 , 2016 . ( Photo : Katerina Katerina/The New York Times ) Story Highlights
a crowd of people mingling on a street corner . They are the only people who know what happened to the man who was killed . `` We 've seen this before and we 're taking our chances , ''
a bicycle is leaning against a concrete wall , while the driver is on the edge of a building . The bike was set up by a group of students at the University of Oregon who are members of the Portland School
four planes fly close through the sky with an average of 5.5 seconds or more . The Air Force says they can get there by helicopter only . The flight is part of a pilot training exercise .
a local hero rides through the streets of Barcelona to the scene of a shooting , in this photo taken by the Spanish police . María Leonora Sanchez/Getty Images 9/18 Police officers stand guard after a shooting at
a half painted and unfinished room with tools and tools . ( It 's not the only room we have in the house . ) I also bought some of the supplies for the fireplace , stove , and oven , and I had a
a person walking a dog while riding a bicycle is not an illegal person , '' the court said . The court said the plaintiff in the case had a history of mental illness . The court said the plaintiff had been diagnosed
a bowl of food and a cup of milk , I 've been trying to cook them , and they 've been great . And they 're also delicious . But they 're not just a meal . They 're a food for you
two sinks sit on the vanity in the front of the house . The room is filled with a large open space , with a large kitchen with a large kitchen sink . The bathroom is covered only by two large windows
a motorcycle sits parked outside of the window of the Kettlebell-Cafe restaurant at the top of the hill in downtown Toronto . ( Colin McConnell / Toronto Star ) '' It 's been a really good week
a parking meter that takes visa and a $ 10 fare . If you 're not sure whether to pay and you 're going to be able to leave , you can ask your visa application to do so . You can
workers making smoothies to serve to customers . `` It was a very clear message of what was going on . We 're going to be doing something different , '' said Dave Smith , president of the company . `` All
a toilet next to a towel rack and a towel rack next to a dryer . `` If I was a kid , I 'd buy a towel rack and a towel rack and dryer , but I 'm not
a small kitchen with black countertops and a large kitchen sink which is a great place to spend the night . The main menu of the food is quite good , with a wide variety of meats and seafood from the
a man rides a silver motorcycle down the street in San Antonio , Texas , on Feb. 17 . He 's not sure where he got his bike , but he got it from a friend who is a bike shop owner .
a man not moving on his bicycle in the middle of a busy road . I see him walking down the street a couple of steps . It 's a very quiet lot . The man is wearing a blue
a little boy in the airport watching an airplane , then another little boy in the airport watching a flight . I 'm really sorry . I mean , why would I make a living doing that ? When you 're a
a cat lying on a hard wood floor . As it got closer , he realized that it had been a stray rabbit , and the cat had been found abandoned . The cat 's parents were still alive , but they were unable
a cat drinks from a toilet in a homeless shelter in Sydney . A group of homeless people on a beach in the western Australian capital of Sydney last year tried to help a homeless person find a place to live ,
four airplanes in the sky flying over a lake . It will take over 30 seconds to get to the point where you can see a light . You will have to go far enough , but you do n't want to
a parking meter is displayed with a compact disc that can be removed to install a parking meter . The disc is placed in the vehicle 's parking spot or on the driver 's side of the vehicle , and the driver is responsible
a tranquil glow from a modern counter illuminates . It is the most natural setting for a candle , as it is the only point of contact when the candle is lit . The candle is lit by the hand and is
a fuzzy photo shows a simple bathroom and a small bathroom stall . The family of a woman who was stabbed with a knife in the head is asking the court to remove the knife from her body . The
bicycle , backpack and can of pop . The only thing we have to worry about is your ability to find your bike . I 'll be honest with you ; I would say that the best way to find your
several people are sitting at a restaurant in Pune . The person who is seen being taken to hospital said he was hit by a car . The driver was identified as an Indian national . He was taken to hospital in
two people sitting on a motorcycle in the back seat of their Toyota . The driver of the car was then shot and killed by police . Police say a video shows the man taking a swing at a police officer before
a small brown bird is sitting on the ledge overlooking a lake near the south shore of Lake Erie . The bird is perched on a white-bellied bird perched on a black , black-bellied bird . The bird
various beauty supplies sit around the sink . You 're going to want to make sure you have n't left your refrigerator untouched . You 'll need a gallon or two of water , one gallon of sugar , one gallon
a brown and yellow bird sitting on a bench in the back yard of her house . `` I have never seen anything like this before , '' she said . The man , who asked not to be identified due
a cat has his face buried in the sand . `` You 're not going to take anything for granted . Do you know how to handle a cat ? '' `` What 's happening ? '' `` Oh ,
a bucket of paint sits next to a sign that reads `` Shelby County Park . '' The sign reads , `` No , I have no idea what people think of you . If you 're here for the park you 're
a blue car parked next to a parking lot . The man was charged with three counts of battery on a police officer and one count of obstructing a police officer , according to the police . No information
an older kitchen appears brighter after being painted black . The black interior is now brighter than the white . The black interior is now brighter than the white . The black interior is now brighter than the
a silver jet plane on the ground in the south-east corner of the city , where the plane crashed in the centre of the city . A helicopter is seen over the scene of a crash on the main road
a woman in a van and a man in a van , the police said . The two women were taken to the hospital . No further details were immediately available. < |endoftext| > ROME ( Reuters ) - Pope
police officer laying a speed trap for the officers . He added : `` The incident happened on a busy street and we responded to a large group of people . `` We were given a speed trap which was
a red hydrant on a snowy sidewalk . `` I 'd like to be able to walk home and have a family , '' she said . `` To have kids , to have a place to live . To have a
a jeep with a dead bird on it , a small black bird in the center of the room , and an angel , the first of which was a young lady . She was dressed in a white kimon
a small child is laying on a bench . The child is sitting on the bench , his face and mouth covered with a black moustache . He is wearing black shoes and pants . His head is covered with
a large kite is being flown in a circle around the planet . The plane is now being flown by an unidentified military aircraft as part of a plan to provide support for the U.S. military 's efforts
a rear view mirror on a bike is a perfect way to see a cyclist 's bike or bike parts . One of the most important features of this feature is that the rear view mirror can be used to see where
a medieval style tower and clock against blue and yellow , in the center of which was a statue of a woman , the figure of a woman standing with hands clasped together . They were , for example , a collection of
a man on his motorcycle with a taser . `` I think it 's a very good example of a police officer being very clear about what he 'll do , and I think this is a very good example of
a kitchen with a stop and appliances with a stop near the main entrance . The first stop is the kitchen with a stop and appliances with a stop near the main entrance . The second stop is the office with a
a woman is holding her kite on a tree . She says she was attacked by a group of men a couple of weeks ago . A man allegedly had a knife to her neck , and she was
a silver jet parked on a runway . The pilot of the silver jet flew a red-and-white commercial jet . The pilot of the silver jet flew a red-and-white commercial jet . ( Photo by Matt
an orange cutting tool on top of a small knife blade for slicing . Curl this link to get the most out of this DIY knife . http : //www.amazon.com/Threat-Free
a black motorcycle parked outside of a store , at which point the owner started yelling , `` You do n't have any money to buy a black motorcycle ! '' As a result of the incident , the owner did
a bathroom with two sinks two mirrors and a bathroom with a bathroom sink . The two bathrooms were used as showers for the group . The group had previously called for the `` rightful disposal of waste , ''
a cat sleeps on top of a parked car . The first two men arrested for burglary were charged with assault with intent to commit burglary . Inspector Mike Regan said the two suspects were both taken
a dessert plate with cobbler and a strawberry and berry salad to serve . ( Cobbler is the name of the restaurant that serves the strawberry and berry salad . ) The main attraction at the restaurant
a small kitchen with white cabinets and a large large kitchen with an indoor patio . The restaurant is located in a very well known area downtown . It is a well known fact that the original and most widely used of
6 motorcycles are sitting outside a shop in Paris . The shop is in the historic town of Vaudreuil , in south-western France , where the two-wheeler was built in the 17th
an old fashioned biplane with its propeller and an air-cooled engine . This is a rare aircraft , and it has been an extremely popular aircraft in the past . The Boeing 787 Dreamliner , as we
a mirror in front of a large glass window . It was one of the many features that kept her on her toes . The mirror was a simple one-way mirror with a white background . It was about 100,000
a silver plane on a snow covered runway . He was arrested for speeding , reckless driving , and driving without a license . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was arrested for allegedly carrying a loaded 9 mm handgun in his left
orange tub and pink toilet in a bathroom in a city park . `` This was just a stupid thing to do , but they took it as a victory , '' he told the Houston Chronicle . Houston police said
unique looking modern outdoor public restroom on a quiet street . It was built within a century of the American Revolution , though it 's now a community service facility . But the building is a reminder that the people who built
a woman stands on a beach holding a sign in front of a sign that reads `` No To Sex . '' She holds a banner which reads `` No to sex '' and `` No to homosexuality . '' Photo : Alex Brandon , The
a person sitting next to a bicycle while wearing a helmet or goggles . The law also states that the helmets and goggles must be worn at all times , and that `` the person to whom the helmet or goggles should
several people seated at a table watching the proceedings , a few people in the audience had just read the story of the assassination of President Kennedy by Kennedy himself . The audience erupted in applause as the President and his
a bathroom with a window , toilet and floor . She said she was told that the fire was because a young boy had accidentally broken into her home . `` I just thought that was something that should have
a bicycle leans against a graffitied tree . `` I 've never seen a single person that was so excited to have it on , '' says the 22-year-old . The ride is on its way
sheep and rams in a field of grass . The woman 's hands were tied behind her back . She was wearing nothing but a hoodie and black trousers . She kept one hand on the waist of her
people are ordering juice while others are making sure they have enough at hand . If you are shopping at all , take your time , but do n't expect to see your order shipped out to you fast .
people in a large room , use multiple keyboards to create a layout with buttons , and set the font to your liking . On the right , you can choose between a plain text layout or a custom font . When
a baby , an old lady , a man who was a child , and a man who was killed . The story of the murder is not complete , and although some of the details of the case are still unclear
a bathroom with a brown shower curtain and black tie . She was wearing jeans , a black T-shirt , a blue T-shirt and blue jeans . She was wearing a gray T-shirt with a blue
the bathtub is in a corner with a bunch of people in it . The window is on the right side . `` I 'm thinking of the bathroom . I 'm thinking about the bathroom . I 'm thinking about
inside a restroom stall , a rag floats across the floor , and the camera zooms in . The first scene of the show is a scene that takes place after the first scene of the show , where an older
a young professional is working at his laptop while trying to put a new order online . His wife is in a wheelchair . So is his son-in-law , who is doing well on his own . He is on
a stone clock tower sits beneath a cloudy sky and the clouds are streaming in slowly . A single black light is visible from above , but the cloud is slowly coming down . The white light of the sun slowly fades
a large white airplane flying through the sky . The wings of the plane came up to the sky and flew around . It was a perfect day . The sky was clear for just over a half hour . The clouds
a man in a yellow coat riding a bicycle in an unmarked car , after he was chased by four men who chased him back to his home in the city . The man was stabbed several times and was taken to hospital
a bathroom with a white toilet and an open door . A man who was not named provided us with the details of the incident and told The Daily Beast that he was surprised by the amount of money he was able
blue piece of cloth inside a toilet with a white cloth , but that 's just one of the many times that it 's used in public . I 'm not saying that we should n't use it for the most important
person on a motorcycle driving on a paved road or other road less than 10 miles ( 13 kilometers ) from the place where the vehicle was hit . A person who is in possession of a motor vehicle which is at
a compact bathtub fits snugly in your bathroom , shower or bathroom chair . It will stay cool and warm . It is an ideal choice for the job . The watertight seal is strong and lightweight . The
metal pots , pans , and spoons . The pot was then filled with distilled water . A large number of the containers were filled with water that was only about a tablespoon per litre . The pot was then
a person sitting on a ledge with a gun is a suspect in a murder-suicide . `` This is an isolated case but it 's a case that 's been brought to this court , '' said U.S
an umbrella appears to have been substituted for the one worn by the `` S.A.A . '' See also [ edit ] References [ edit ] < |endoftext| > The first wave of the Trump administration 's efforts to
bathroom with windows , a shower , and a large kitchen with a kitchenette . The house also had a large , round , and two-story garage that was covered with a carpet . The house
a close up of a person driving a car , but it 's not really a car at all . It 's a car that 's a lot smaller than you think . `` And if you look at the car ,
pot with variety of chopped vegetables , big or small . Makes 4-6 servings Ingredients : 4 large carrots , chopped 4 small potatoes , chopped 1/2 cup water
a plane getting ready to land on a runway in the Philippines . `` We were on a flight from Barcelona to the Philippines . We were on a flight from Barcelona to the Philippines and we were stopped by a security
a kitchen with a sink a stove and a fridge , the home has a kitchen with a sink and a stove and the kitchen has a fridge and a stove The family has a large kitchen with a sink a stove
a bathroom with an odd shaped toilet next to it . It 's probably just a bad idea to try and get a hold of it and take a picture of it . It was a big , messy , sweaty mess .
three monitors sitting on a table one with a desk and a few other equipment . `` I 've seen this before , and I can tell you right now it looks pretty good , '' Mr. Tull said. ``
a plane getting ready to land on a runway in the Indian Ocean . The Indian authorities have warned that it is `` unprecedented '' for India to launch its own missile defense system , despite the ongoing military standoff
photo of a white towel , plunger , and screwdriver with his hands . This is the best one I 've seen , I think , and I 'm sure he 'll be okay . I mean , I just
a bathroom with towels hung up and bamboo poles . The kitchen was covered in rice and rice paper , with vegetables and fruit . I took a seat in the living room , where a white-haired man sat in a thick
a bathroom with several towels and a pink towel . `` I have a girl I 've never seen before , '' a woman said to the man . The two men entered the bathroom and then left the room .
a bathroom with a white bath tub and a white towel . In response to this , the girl took to Facebook to protest the `` sexist treatment '' being used to shame women . `` [ I ] d
a guy riding a racer bike making a bad decision . It 's not a problem because there are n't any problems . What 's important is that we 're doing something about it . And that 's what we
a modern kitchen with a stove top oven and a kitchen sink . A modern kitchen with a stove top oven and a kitchen sink . A modern kitchen with a stove top oven , stove top oven included .
a glass bowl filled with fruit and cake . The next morning , I drove to the local hotel to get some ice cream . I took my order of a sweet and sour ice cream that I 'd been looking for
there are bicycles parked in front of a building and at a building with a lot of red lights . There were two people arrested for disorderly conduct , and two people arrested for disorderly conduct . The officers arrived and they
a bathroom has a custom bathtub with a shower and air conditioner . The new home is the fifth in the United States to have its own bathroom , and is being built by A & P Homes in Chicago
tank less toilet with cabinet in read and write style . The new design of the toilet comes with an easy-to-use , easy-access switch that makes it easy to switch between different modes of operation .
this is an aerial view of the nearly 200,000-acre site of a volcano in the Cascades . It shows the volcano as it collapses into a crater . The crater , which rises to an altitude
a small kitchen has no cabinets on the outside so no one can clean up . The first thing I noticed when I went to the bathroom was a tiny pile of cardboard that looked like a box of toilet paper .
a park bench has been crushed by something . I was just trying to check on the weather , I could n't see anything . I tried to get out , but I could n't see anything . I tried to get
a little girl laying on her side on the ground . In the next moment , the little girl was still lying on her side , holding the toy in her arms . `` I 'll just have to take
a kitchen sports granite countertops and stainless steel appliances with a stainless steel interior . A separate , larger living room serves as a guest bedroom and dining room . A small dining room serves as kitchenette , dining room
a man carves a turkey while a woman drives by . In the first scene from the movie , the woman is driving , but the turkey takes over her hands . In the second scene , the turkey takes over
a bathroom has a brown and yellow accents , with red accents in the back . The interior of the bathroom is clean , but the bathroom mirror is black and the back of the bathroom mirror is orange .
a person riding a motorcycle on a closed road shall be fined not more than $ 75 or imprisoned not more than one year , or both . ( d ) The penalty imposed pursuant to this section shall not exceed the
the kitchen counter has a built in dishwasher . But it 's not always on . In our experience , it 's not always at your house that the cook is working at night . It 's on the kitchen counter that the
a person holding a kite on a pole , a person who is holding a lamp on a pole , or a person who is standing on a pole with a metal pole over his or her head . ( 2
a person in a van with a canoe . As far as I know , no one has ever been prosecuted for this crime . But it is an act of terrorism , which means that any Muslim who is
a small child lies on a bench , with its head resting on a pillow . He is crying . `` I love you , baby , '' he says . `` I love you so much and I 'm sorry I 've been neglected
a small bird sitting on a handlebar . It was a baby . It was a big-eared , blue-eyed dog . I do n't know how it got its name , but it was in the same neighborhood as
a kitchen is cluttered with cooking supplies , like a large pan and a tray of dishes , and they need to be filled with food . One of the people who asked me about this was an elderly man who was the
a digital tablet sitting on a desk next to the computer . A small screen shows a screenshot of the screen , which is what you see . This is the screen that you can turn on or off to take a screenshot .
an old propellor airplane with targets on the back of the wing . Sgt . R. C. McNeil , of the 5th Battalion , 25th Infantry Division , and Sgt . T. J .
a white bathroom with a tiled floor . `` We 're not going to let someone in here that 's an idiot , '' she said . The woman was arrested , but before she was charged , her boyfriend
a man rides a motorcycle that is decorated with a swastika A man rides a motorcycle that is decorated with a swastika . A woman wearing a T-shirt reading 'My God , Is My Boyfriend a
an airplane is getting ready to be loaded onto the first of three 747 's . The 747 's first flight is scheduled for Feb. 21 and the Boeing 's next flight is Feb. 24 . It 's
a parking meter in front of a grey Honda Accord . It 's a bit of a stretch to say that the company has been running a similar experiment with the same car in the past . In the past , car
the bottom of an airplane flying in the air , and I was trying to keep the pressure down . I was n't gon na pull my head back , I was n't gon na push the air up to my lungs , and I was
a street corner has a fence in the middle , which is a sign of the building . But it 's not an official sign of the building , it 's a sign that it 's unsafe . What it says is that the
a pair of orange-handled scissors sits in his bag . There 's a small , black and yellow flower on the right side of the bag but he does n't look at me . `` I 'm not
a blueberry pastry in a bowl with a splash of apple juice or apple cider vinegar . The dessert is a combination of tart cranberry , raspberry , and cherry pie . The dessert is a combination of tart cran
a woman using the restroom without pants on in an effort to prevent men from having access to the bathroom . The video , which has been viewed more than 100,000 times , was made by a woman who is
a plain kitchen with beige cabinets and a small office with a sofa on the right side and a kitchen with a large desk on the left . It was a great place for children and they enjoyed it as well
a toilet with a soap dispenser above it . `` We 're really worried , we need to talk to others , '' he said . `` We were all hoping this would be the last step in that process
a lot of cars in a city street . He says that cars are now a major problem , but it 's also a matter of people being able to take them over , and that 's what they 've done .
a vintage biplane is shown closeup . The propeller is held on by a single strap . The plane is powered by a single V6 electric motor and is powered by a DC motor . The
a motorcyclist wearing an orange vest was reported to have struck a pedestrian in a pedestrian lane near the intersection of East and South Alameda Ave. in the 10300 block of El Camino Real . The victim was
one bench next to a damaged and bent tree . The team will be looking for a tree at the base of the hill , and a similar structure at the top of the hill to be added at the top of
a family gathered around a kitchen table to pour out a batch of water and a few bottles of beer . `` There was a lot of activity , '' said Dinesh . `` I was very pleased with the way
blue fabric is in a toilet bowl with a lid . A few months ago , I decided to try the Bamboo Bamboo Pouch , which is a new idea from a few years ago . I thought it
an airplane leaving a trail in the sky as it was about to land . Two days later , the plane was recovered and brought to the US by a member of the US Air Force . The plane was flown back
two giraffes standing in a grassy area of forest with a few trees on the ground . They are also seen carrying a large amount of food . The following photographs are from the same day of the attack
a tablet showing a video feed of a child watching a video of a child being raped . This video was posted by a friend of the victim . The video was recorded on a mobile device . The video was uploaded to YouTube
an orange motorcycle is parked next to a car . The two men hold hands , then both men leave . `` They were very nice to me , '' Zilbert said . `` I was just excited to be here
a living room and dining room have two large bedrooms . Each of the rooms has a separate living room with four bedrooms , and a separate dining room with four bedrooms , and a separate living room with four bedrooms and a separate
a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a shower . In her comments , Ms. Schriock said that her own bathroom is the most comfortable she has ever had in her life . `` I 'm
a close up of a motorcycle rear view mirror . This photo was taken at the end of the last week of 2012 . The camera is set to shoot at 1:00 PM on Saturday , January 11 , 2013
a brown bird sits on the handlebar of his truck . He is a nice guy with a good sense of balance and a good sense of humor . He 's not a total hater of animals , but that does not
a car and a public transit vehicle on a day-to-day basis in order to assist and assist in the provision of services . `` ( h ) Any person who violates subsection ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B )
a simple bathroom with a toilet and shower . We have made a reservation for the evening , so if you 're looking for a great place to relax and get a little break , the room is absolutely amazing . It
a motorcycle with helmet parked on the street . ( Photo : Michael Zamora/The Desert Sun ) The man behind the wheel of a Dodge Charger was arrested and charged with unlawful possession of a weapon .
a lone motorcycle parked in parking space at the intersection of South Lake Avenue and South Lake Avenue , just north of the intersection of Park Avenue and South Lake Avenue . The bike was carrying a white woman . She said
a colorful living area with living room , living room , kitchen , living room , bathroom , bedroom , bathroom , living room , vanity , living room , wall , kitchen , vanity , living room , vanity , bathroom , wall
the view from above of a bathroom with an image of a smiling man in a top hat . ) `` I believe that this is an important moment for us . We 're really in the midst of a time in the
a parked jeep with a cat laying on its back in the middle of that traffic . `` I had two cats that were in the back of my jeep and had me running , '' said John , who said
traffic going down a city street lined with homes . It is a nightmare that it is hard to see on any map . A city that is not densely populated and has a dense population , does not have the same kind
a toilet with a shower near by with a bathroom in front . He was in a hurry to get out . I asked , 'What are you doing ? ' He said , ' I was going to come over with my dogs
living area with purple couches , looking for a place to start . In the evening , the group was all sitting on the sofa and listening to the music . They were listening to the music , as they were
a person standing in the kitchen holding a knife or a weapon . ( 2 ) Any person who violates this section is guilty of a class D felony . ( 3 ) A person may not be arrested or
a white toilet with a blue seat on the floor . He sat on the bed , facing west , with his eyes closed . `` I do n't know ? '' His mouth dropped open . `` I just ca n't remember . The
bicycles and a car parked outside the house . She said the body had been found lying face down . `` She was lying on the side of the road next to the road where she was found
a motorcycle in a parking lot with a small child , who tried to make it inside . A man pulled his car over and hit several people on the way , the cops said . A man who was
a bathroom area with toilet , plunger , and toilet paper , a few items that I would have taken for a walk around the apartment . They were nice and clean , and it was my first time living in a bathroom
the sport bike is parked in front of a house next to the bus stop . The story begins with a couple who are driving near a bus stop because it appears they are late at night , so they call 911
a chef wearing a stripped apron is not one to get carried away . And , if you 're a chef who 's going to be doing a meal , the food is the best thing to do – and if you 're
the man is on a motorcycle with three-toed dogs and is trying to steal a car . He 's been going around doing this since he was 9 years old , '' said the woman who gave her name only as ``
a kitchen has a stove , microwave , ovens , and a kitchen sink . I recently found myself in a strange place : a woman with a kitchen full of strange things . I did n't know what to think
a green public toilet enclosure on a sidewalk in the city 's East End borough of West Village . Photo : Evan Vucci / Getty Images window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode
people in a kitchen are preparing food with the help of a forklift . The only thing that 's not going to happen is that they 're going to have to go to the store and pick up everything. ''
an old mustang sits parked next to a wooden bench . This is one of the least desirable places to visit , and the best place to check out a movie . The film , however , is not very much of a
a purple rag laying in a toilet bowl . He was also given an undisclosed amount of cash on top of his $ 100,000 bond , and he is due to pay about $ 150,000 in restitution to
look down the road with a red light , and I 'm going to do something about it . I do n't know how . I do n't know if I can do it . I ca n't do it . It 's just
a car in front of a train on the outskirts of St. Petersburg . The Kremlin is in a state of complete disarray , with the president and his top officials not allowing the media to cover their activities .
a kitchen with a stove and counter tops . I am not sure if the kitchen includes a microwave but the microwave oven is my personal preference . The kitchen has a huge amount of storage space , especially when I am
buckets are in the corner of a parking lot . The driver , who must have been at least 18 years old , is a man wearing a white t-shirt and a red hoodie , with the phrase `` I
woman crossing a city street behind a commercial billboard , in the area of the Capitol , and also in the suburbs , near the Capitol , and in the downtown section , in the area of the Capitol , and in the suburbs
an older man carrying a plate of food . He was dressed in a green top , which hung in the air , and looked down on the children . `` I do n't know if they 're scared , '' she said
a close up of a person cleaning a toilet . `` There is an enormous amount of physical evidence that the man was drunk and then left alone in a quiet , secluded area on a road . '' The police say
a pirstine white and black bathroom . The bathroom was the size of a house , and it had a huge fireplace . An enormous bed had been constructed , which had been made of a sort of metal , and was
a bathroom with a large mirror a sink and a small TV set . After the trip , the man was transferred to the hospital for an MRI and a CT scan . He was later discharged with a head injury .
a narrow galley kitchen with a window overlooking the bay . Its two doors are locked and you ca n't see anything else in town . In the middle of the room there is a small dining room , and you can sit
a clock sits atop a tower claiming the world 's top spot . The video above shows a helicopter flying overhead above the tower , and the footage shows the helicopter 's wings and back-end . The camera
three stalks of bamboo grow over a large area of grass and a large portion of leaf litter . The stalks are also very large with a height of 25 to 30 cm ( 12 to 14 in ) . The
a historic clock tower turret still keeps the old school kids from coming back to the church . You know , we still need to do anything to make sure all of those kids are safe in the church . So I think we
a skateboard resting against a wall with four or five more people watching . It 's like , `` That 's not good . '' `` I 'm not going to stand here and say I 'm a fan of this team
a man wearing a helmet and riding a bicycle in the middle of a busy street in San Francisco , California . The man was a `` good guy '' who was `` trying to make a living '' as a driver and
a framed picture leaning against the wall next to the window . `` We 're all pretty excited ! '' she says , smiling . `` It 's so adorable , '' I say . `` How did you know ? ''
a man on a motorcycle talking to a bunch of strangers , but he 's not really drunk or anything like that . He just looks at the car and says something like , `` I 'm going to go get some ice cream
a woman spoons liquid into bowl while she 's on her way out of the shower . Her husband is on the other side , too , who 's working on his second job and looks to be recovering from a broken leg
a police man on a motorcycle is idle at a petrol station in Mumbai on Wednesday after a `` suspicious '' vehicle was found in a petrol station near the city center . A few hours later , the driver of
dozens of people walking around a metro station . `` I am not going anywhere , but I am going to go for the train , '' he told the crowd . `` I am not going anywhere , I
a person with a helmet on riding his or her bicycle , or with a motor vehicle . ( 1949 Rev. , S. 2821 ; 1957 , P.A . 778 , S. 1 ; 1967
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and a dishwasher . One of the original guests was a local businessman who worked for a local grocery store . He told me that he had bought a refrigerator from the store and was going to use
jogger running past a flock of birds . As he walks in his car , the car 's owner is a woman in a white dress with a black headband and a white t-shirt . She walks
a picture of a bathroom with a blue button . `` The one thing I know for sure is that the place is really nice , it 's clean , '' she said . And while she 's not buying into
two birds are standing on top of the tree and the top of the tree . The next day , we went to the hospital to see if there was any infection . The doctors told us that a severe case of
two people are riding a motorcycle on the south side of the intersection . The driver is not wearing a seat belt , so it wo n't be safe to drive that far , but the rider will be fine . The
a pink bathroom contains a toilet sink , toilet seat , shower , tub , and toilet paper , and a toilet holder . If you have a child , or want to help , you can also call the Child Care
red motorcycle parked outside of large building in the city and he was shot . The suspect in the shooting has not been identified . The suspect was taken into custody and charged with assault , robbery and burglary .
a man is riding a motorcycle on a highway in West Virginia , and the driver of the motorcyclist is holding a firearm . `` I do n't know what to say , '' he said . `` I 'm terrified
a woman holding a bright kite on her head , and a young man 's hand holding a woman 's hand , and an elderly woman 's hand holding a man 's hand , and the woman 's hand holding an infant 's
their is a toilet next to an opaque glass door , which can be seen to be the only way to get out . The owner was not injured and was taken to a trauma centre but is expected to recover .
several bicycles chained to a fence in the woods near the site of the attack . He says the attackers were wearing masks and carrying assault rifles . He says the attacker was identified by a woman wearing a ski mask .
people walk down a busy city street , taking in the sights and smells of the city . It 's a place where people can get together and play with each other , '' he says . The concept of a `` town
a person on a motorcycle taking a curve to get to the intersection of I-65 and I-85 . The bike was taken to the University of Houston Medical Center for follow-up testing . As a result , the
a bathroom with a ledge and a toilet seat . He is a quiet man who does not have many friends , and has a very hard time sleeping . A few times , he has to use a wheelchair . He is extremely
a red car sits parked by a parking lot . It 's a good reason to drive to work , take a few pictures and write it down . A car can be a really good way to get around , and your car
a plane on the tarmac with airport staff , two people in a taxi and a woman in a vehicle . `` There were no injuries , and there was no bomb threat , '' said the police statement .
a tram and a car make their way to the scene of the accident . `` We 'd been running from the scene to the front of the road , and we were at the same time running from the scene to
a kitty cat walks along the edge of a small hill . She is so cute that she can be quite adorable . She is a great cat to play with if you like to have fun and enjoy a little bit of
a plane flying straight up and high in the air . The aircraft is in a low , dark location and can only be seen from the ground . The aircraft is at a high rate of speed , which means it can be
a blue , misshapen toilet seat , a bright orange phone , and the like . If you are in the city , the bus is not always crowded . If you are in the suburbs , the
a large airplane sits on a wet airstrip at the airport in Dubai , where the International Space Station ( ISS ) is waiting for astronaut Neil Armstrong to land safely . In a press conference in Dubai in April 2013
an airplane leaves a contrail in the air . The contrail is made up of two parts : the engine and the propeller . The engine produces power from one or more propellers that are connected to one
a motorcycle has a paint design in green , and yellow . The Yamaha R-series was manufactured by Honda in Japan in 1967 . The R-series was introduced in 1976 . The R-series has also been
a blue toilet seat sitting on top of your desk , sitting on your desk . You can use your iPad to read a text message , or sit in a chair by your bedside . You can even use your phone to
a living room and dining room are in the center of the building and are in a central space . The main dining room and lounge have a smaller size and are just a few steps . In this room are a number of
a jet on a runway with mountains in its wake . The pilot took off from the runway at 3:15 am and was flying from a jet trainer . The pilot made a right turn and then turned south before
a bathroom with pink tiles on the wall , and it was an eye-opener . I was so relieved . I felt like a hero , I thought . A boy who 'd been thrown in jail for his
two giraffes in a savannah and two lions in a forest . `` The main thing we have done is to give them the opportunity to interact with nature , '' he said . `` They are very social animals
two people riding on a motorcycle on a highway in the state . `` They 're going to be in the back of the bus and you do n't know what 's going to happen , and I 'm going to take
a work desk with a tablet displaying a text box , a calculator , and a screen that lists an important information . The work desk is designed to act as a gateway to an extensive database of information . The work
a man riding on a motorcycle with three men on a motorcycle . They had been riding along a road in the vicinity of the residence , near the intersection of the two roads . The man , who police said was
a kitchen with a window some cupboards for storing the wood . The roof was then covered with a layer of wood and painted an orange . The wood was then laid out on a piece of roofing . The
bathroom with many towels hanging to dry on the floor . An empty bar , with the words `` Dinner on Friday '' written on the side , was filled with people . A man who had been living at the bar
a large plane on a landing strip surrounded by a large number of troops . The Syrian Civil Defence said on Saturday the US-led coalition was sending `` military advisors '' to help the Syrian Army , who are fighting
a library is ready for summer reading along with a large number of books . The library has been set up for a new start , which was announced to the community in November , and plans to begin collecting books in
four stainless steel pots and several ladders . I 'll admit , it was hard to find any good ones , but many of the more common ones were probably from Japan . The first ones were probably from the 20 's ,
a plane accelerating through the sky leaving a large crater in the sky . The meteor was seen to have struck a wide field of view , making it `` extremely unlikely '' that it hit a meteorite .
a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a freezer , with the fridge to hold the hot , dry food in , and an oven to heat the hot food in and out . This project is inspired by a book
some planes on an air port run way too long . The plane would then land on the runway , which would make the takeoff and landing impossible . The plane would then descend to its own runway and then be towed
an office desk with a row of books in my hands . I thought about how my life had changed since I was a teenager . It was in the middle of the war years . All my friends were in the
a kids section at a library filled with books and toys ! Please use the link below to check if there is money for an event at a place . https : //www.facebook.com/events
pots and pans hanging next to metal spouts . The plastic and plastic spout will be placed on the floor in the same location . The spout will be placed on the floor and the glass will be placed
a bathroom with an orange bathtub next to a pool table . In the meantime , I 've written about a lot of people who are using an Android or iOS device as a toilet . Many of my readers have
a cat sitting on a toilet seat with a man on top . This is a rare example of a woman being found with a cat sitting on a toilet seat with a man on top , but it 's a rare
a bathroom with a toilet and shower with a bathroom sink . In the second story , a man walks into a bathroom and enters a bathroom with a toilet and shower with a toilet and sink . According to
a man sits and waits on a bench near a truck parked outside of a funeral home in Washington , D.C. , on Wednesday . ( Evan Vucci/AP ) A group of African-Americans ,
a bathroom with orange walls , a toilet with a water bottle , and a wall of black curtains . `` I am a very strong believer that one 's life is more important than oneself and I have always said that
a white and blue jet is at the center of the image . The rest of the image is shot by a very small lens , which is a wide angle lens . A small lens is used in the following way : the
a bathroom with a toilet and a shower , and the toilet was empty . `` It 's a shame because we all wanted to sleep in a room with only two people , '' she said . `` There are so many
reflection of a poster on a wall in the kitchen of a small apartment building in the northeastern town of Chikunga , in central China 's Fujian province , on June 7 , 2009 . ( Cao Feng
a couple sit on a motorcycle at the corner of East River and East Road in downtown New York City . The couple , a couple of years older than the couple 's son , had just returned from a trip to the White
a man rides his motorcycle with a helmet on in the middle of the street in front of the city 's main terminal on Nov. 9 , 2017 in San Francisco , Calif. Thomson Reuters 5/8 Michael Bloomberg Michael Bloomberg
an orange and white cat is sitting under the car , as is the cat in the other car . The car is very slow , but it is quite fast . It is easy to look at the car and notice that the
a man with a knife and sharpener who walked into the office of the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Washington , D.C. , as part of an investigation into the murder of a man who was murdered in
a tiled bathroom with white towels hanging from the walls . `` I 'll just come over here and get some water , '' she said . Then she went on to say that she had a call from an agent at
cars stuck in traffic in a busy foreign city . The incident happened at around 6.30am on January 30 when a group of people from the group of men shouting `` Hey , it 's good to be back
two white birds standing on the hood of a car . `` I 'm sorry , I just did n't expect it , '' she said . She said she was shocked by how quickly police were responding to the case
a person with a back pack sitting alone in a parking lot for a few seconds and asking to be taken to a mental health center . The man said he was taken to a mental health center after being told he
a street light next to a long asphalt road . `` The police will have to give us the exact location , '' said Officer Joe Soto . The driver is not identified . Copyright 2016 WJ
a skateboard and portrait photograph of a woman in a wheelchair . `` The police are on the lookout for anyone who may have been involved in these incidents , '' the police said in a statement . `` The police are
a family standing around a partially carved turkey tree on a farm in southern Israel . They were sitting on the ground when a white Toyota Prius pulled up with five other people . They were surrounded by other children .
banana slices and peanut butter on a warm summer day . As much as I love my favorite food , I 'm not a fan of the spicy , salty , or savory flavors of a traditional Korean dish .
a cow inside a brick building with people in it , '' he says . `` It 's a place where people are able to interact with each other and talk about things . It 's an open space . '' This year 's
a motorcycle in a parking lot at night , is `` one of the best things ever , '' says John B. O'Neill , director of the Institute for Transportation Studies at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champ
several types of houseplants sitting in the shade . The first part of the picture is a little less obvious , but it 's what 's so striking about this particular bird . First , and most
this bathroom could benefit from a decorating option . The original plans called for a 5-foot-tall screen wall that would cover the bathroom and two-story tall glass windows . But the new design
a motorcyclists racing a motorcycle on the streets of London - but he was not able to get out of it . 'It was a very dangerous situation , I was very worried about the safety of people who
a little boy dragging his luggage in a plastic bag . `` I ca n't go to school , '' he said . `` I 'm scared to my face . '' The man , who has not been identified , is
a stone clock tower with a wind vane . It is said that a few of the stars are visible through it . The statue is located in the centre of a village which is located in the vicinity of a
a man wearing many beads is holding an umbrella , so he can say `` Hello , my name is J.H . '' ( laughs ) . MARK S. DORGAN : That 's correct , and I think
a cat sits next to a bike that is on fire . It is a fire alarm , and the flames are coming from all directions . It is all being done by firefighters . You can see it is going on , and
a cat laying on the pavement in front of a car on a highway in the northern suburb of Beersheba , in the northern Gaza Strip , December 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah A
shades of coffee combined with white create an almost smoky , smoky , smoky flavor profile . The sweet spot of the flavor is a deep white and a dark brown color . The flavors are also strong with a
many folded towels are hung over a toilet paper napkin . A few towels are hung on the end of a toilet paper napkin . A few towels are hung on the end of a toilet paper napkin . A few
a kitchen has red cabinets , and white cabinets with red tile . On the back wall is a large , large cabinet with a large TV . We have had a lot of inquiries about our cabinets , and we were able to
a silver car in the street next to their house . '' `` Oh , '' said the boy , `` you do n't think it means anything , do you ? '' `` You do n't think I would be so stupid
a man on a motorcycle making a turn , I 'm going to be a hero for a while , '' he said . The man , who declined to give his name , said he had a `` disgraceful
a clean and modern bathroom with mirror , cupboard , and a large bathroom sink . The first floor is also an ideal place for a full bathroom . You can park in the same building where you were born and live for
a cow in a brick enclosed room with a wall of books and a bench . The room has been converted into a house and the house is now a living room . The first house was built on a land of
a woman in a scarf cooks using a knife and a fork . She works very hard and is a very good cook . I 'm not sure if she would like to live in a new home , but I could see that
a motorcycle parked on a sidewalk with a sign reading `` No cars on the road . '' `` It 's just plain bad manners , '' said David A. Johnson , 32 , of Baltimore , who lives in a condo on
two blue bowls of food next to a bowl of water . Then I 'll make my way home . I 'll make my way back to my bed , just so I can eat . I 'll make my
a red car parked on the street in front of the intersection of West Sixth and Fifth Streets . The incident happened near the intersection of West Sixth and Fifth . The suspect attempted to run away from police , but the driver of
a laptop linked with a small screen using a USB stick and a keyboard The tablet is capable of running Android 4.0.1 Lollipop on a Samsung Galaxy S6 , while the Kindle Fire 2 is capable
a toilet in a bathroom next to a kitchen table in a church . The man who fired the shot fired one round , killing the suspect . The shooter , who police say is not affiliated with the Church
a man is cleaning a black toilet seat on an upper deck of a building in Brooklyn , New York , on Feb. 10 , 2016 . The man , identified by police as 20-year-old Michael Brown , who
a light brown bathroom with some white towels underneath . It was also a place people would come to for sex or for a good time . The bathroom was clean and comfortable . The washroom was clean and comfortable .
a bathroom with a toilet and a plunger that has a water pump on it . The bathroom is about 20 meters ( 30 feet ) long and has a shower . The bathroom has a glass shower and
a plane flying in the sky with a red dot on his face , and the man with the blue dot looking back at him . The woman in the picture is wearing a bright blue dress with white socks and blue
two giraffes stand freely in the middle of the street . The giraffe can be seen trying to get a hold of a man who is trying to hold her down . The man has a gun , but
a fully furnished living room with a television and an audio player . `` We 've been lucky enough to have people come out to see us , to have our own rooms , and to have a lot of conversations about
a bathroom with towels hanging next to a desk . He put on his sunglasses and walked out of the bathroom . His boyfriend , a man called `` The Doctor , '' gave him a hug . He never said anything to him .
a bathroom with white towels and hand towels . The bathroom is not open to the public . There are no public restrooms in the bathroom at the time of this writing . A woman who lives nearby said she 's been
two bikes parked on the street with pizza for $ 3 or $ 4.50 and other things . In the city , the parking spot is a common place for people to meet up , for free or to get
a cat lays on the concrete and looks at the sky as she is about to walk through it . So the cat is sitting on top of the concrete and looking at the sky . The cat is sitting
several different cars on a busy street in New York . It 's almost like a race . `` We 're a very different race , '' said Williams . But it 's not just about the car
a skateboard and a framed portrait leaning against a railing , she sat in her seat and watched her friends . She was wearing a black baseball cap and a navy blue shirt and the blue ball cap she had been wearing before
a man sitting on a bench with his face painted blue , said he is `` not a racist . '' `` I 'm not a racist . I 'm not a racist . I 'm not a racist , '' he said .
a motorcycle racer is going into a turn and there is no way to stop it . The only way to stop it is to hit the brakes , which is the safest option . We 're going to hit the brakes and make
view of a mountain top and clouds from deep within the valley , which is a place where the winds blow the air out of the valley , so that the air rises like a cloud . '' The first of these photos
a cat lying down on the road next to his car , and he was quite shocked , 'This is a tiger ! ' He had never seen anything like it before ! He had never seen anything like a tiger before , in
people look on as a cow walks around in a bag over a fence in front of a house in Wurzburg . The only thing standing in the way is the fence . `` We have to go back
a number of cut up bananas with peanut butter and jelly , and a few more cut up bananas for the rest of the evening . It 's great to have a little fresh air in the air and a little more of a
a man on skis holds onto the back of his bike after the crash . The first thing the man saw was the crash . `` He went into a corner , was hit by the car and immediately
a sweater sits on a stool in a car , and I see her face . I smile . `` Do you know what happened to your sister ? '' I ask . `` I saw her face in the car
a man uses his computer while sitting at his desk looking at some of his other work . In this case , he has his own computer , which is a collection of photos from his computer . The computer he is using is
a parked motorcycle 's rear view mirror next to the hood and rear view mirror of the rearview mirror of the rearview mirror of the rearview mirror of the rearview mirror of the rearview mirror of the rearview
two doves sit on the windshield of their car , and as they pass the car , they hear a car pull up behind them . They quickly start to panic , and there is nothing they can do . The
a person dressed finely holding a gold umbrella with a ring on it , while the male 's name is spelled `` Nephew '' . While the names of its members were not revealed , the family was known to have
a living room with a view and bedroom . The living room is equipped with a large computer . The kitchen is situated in the center of the living room and has a large table that houses some food and drink . The living
a desktop computer next to a laptop computer . They are not cheap , but they are very useful . The MacBook Pro is a very good laptop . It has excellent specs , and has good design . The best thing
this is an image of cereal and milk , '' said Scott , who is also a member of the board of trustees of the school . `` I think it 's probably the most important thing that this school has done for the region
a large cow walking around a stone room in the corner of the room ( the room is locked ) and a small man holding a cross at the end of the room . The other two men have a large cross , but
a family gathers around the island in the early morning . The family had been camping with the family a few days before , and were enjoying an evening of fishing with a friend . The woman called out to
this is an image of a cat under a tree , and I could see what was behind it , '' said O'Malley . `` And at its bottom , there 's a massive , gaping hole , so I thought , '
a lone motorcycle is parked in the light of the street which is just off the intersection of U.S. 2 and U.S. 5 . The man told police he did n't know where the man was
a child rolling his luggage looks at the clock as if he has been watching television . `` There 's a lot of people in this room crying . You know , they 're really upset , '' says the boy 's mother
a red car parked in front of a house in the village of Kursk . The men were arrested and charged with `` suspected involvement in the murder of a village elder and his wife in the shooting
two bikes that are used for pizza delivery , but you 're not going to have to get used to any of the other options . If you 're looking for a cheap option when it comes to pizza delivery , we
some gray walls a toilet a dartboard , a table , a toilet , a toilet . `` We 're not going to give up our freedom , '' he told reporters . `` We 're going to give up our liberties
a desk with a laptop some keyboards and some digital camera . I did n't have a lot of time to get it done , but we eventually got it off the ground . I 've been using it as a desk
two white birds perched of the windshield and the windshield wipers of their cars at high speed and with the same noise . We have a pretty simple formula . This is not the only way the bird can fly . Sometimes ,
a public bathroom sits outside next to the school 's security fence . The city is seeking $ 25 million from the city for a new public restroom in the downtown area . The new bathroom would feature a restroom with a
black and white photo of a boat full of whales . The boat that is the subject of this recent article is a Norwegian vessel called a Norwegian Oceanic . The boat is a white , black and white photo of
a large commercial air raft on the runaway South China Sea , the Philippines , China and Vietnam . The vessel , which is part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet , is intended to be carrying some of the
a large variety of food spread out on the floor , in addition to the standard meal . The dining room is a little larger than the kitchen , but you 'll find plenty of food to eat at the table and
a home bathroom painted blue with a cluttered closet . It was an old-fashioned , old-fashioned home , with the windows broken out and the floors dirty and boarded up . The only way to get out
a dog is herding some sheep and making use of the space available on the ground , and she 's also making use of the space available on the board , and she 's also making use of the space available on the
three people on bicycles lined up behind one another , and it is impossible to tell how many were waiting for him to leave . `` I do n't know what kind of person he is . I 'm sure I will
a mirror showing the reflection of a poster of a `` Gangnam Style , '' which he was promoting during a speech at the Korean American Institute of Technology 's School of Architecture . I 'm not sure if this has
a red car siting by a parking lot , and she 's waiting for me . `` Do you think that 's a good idea ? '' she says , before looking at me . `` I mean , I really want
a professional motorcycle coming around the bend of the road . The next time you see me , you 're probably going to think I 'm a man I used to be . Or maybe you 're just a little more mature
a woman crossing the street behind a bus . She was carrying a bag of condoms . The woman was arrested and charged with first-degree rape . A second woman , identified as a second-year student
a small aircraft preparing to land on a coastal island in the Indian Ocean on April 29 , 2016 . Reuters 5/11 A damaged aerial vehicle sits on its launch pad in Liaoning province , eastern China , after it was
a team of row boat racers being held in a parking lot . The men were pulled over on the way to the city 's Central Park , where they were charged with obstructing the roadway . The
an airplane on an airstrip with a military base in the Philippines that was being used as a training ground for the US-led coalition in the fight against ISIL . It was unclear whether the alleged bombing was carried
a cat sleeping on a grey tarp. < |endoftext| > A former employee of the National Weather Service 's Weather Services Division says the agency is taking action to protect customers from damaging storms that are possible because of weather patterns .
a white car and a white bus parked outside the house . The driver of the van asked the driver to leave . The driver of the van pushed a black male out of the car . The driver of the bus
a bathroom with a large white tub and a white bathtub . `` I 've been a long time in love with the idea , '' says Kornacki . `` I think the story is really important , because
a bunch of people crossing the street in support of the women . '' `` Yes , I 'm sure that there will be a lot of people who are waiting for the police to come , '' the man said .
five men standing in the doorway of a restaurant during the early hours of the morning on Tuesday . The man was shot to death by officers on the scene of the shooting . He was a male , about 5-
a bathroom with a glass door and a glass top . `` I 'm not going to go into details about what happened here , '' he said . The mother of five said she had been in the truck for
a large porcelain toilet posed with a huge wooden cup , which contained a set of small , glassy , yellow-green cubes . `` Some of them were actually my grandmother 's grandmother , '' she said .
a large jet airplane sitting on a tarmac at the airport in Jakarta , Aceh '' We have had a lot of flights , but we always have a problem with the people , '' he said . The
a men 's bathroom in a commercial building in the heart of downtown Boston , where I was filming the scene where I was attacked by a black man . He shot me dead , and his killer is now in jail
a large boat filled with mean on wheels , with a full complement of people , and the man made the boat with a large crew . They were not allowed to leave . They were told to leave the boat and
a small bathroom with a bathtub sitting on the floor . The bathtub was so big it was nearly touching a dog . The room was so hot that the bathroom and bathroom doors were closed . I had to
a photo taken from within a car of a parked car in Moscow , Russia ( AFP ) A car crash in the Russian city of Rostov-on-Don that killed 17 people was blamed on a Russian security
an orange motorcycle parked behind a blue car . The young man who was hit was taken to hospital after the accident , according to police . He was taken to hospital with serious injuries and was treated for minor
a bathroom with a white bathtub next to his bed . `` I 'm not sure if I 'm going to be able to sleep in a bathtub or not . I think my body is going to be so
a bunch of people aboard a boat with the same idea and the same boat and the same boat . It 's very much about the two things and the fact that the boats are all about the same thing . It
a boat is being rolled on a trailer that was brought aboard a local fishing boat . The crew was stranded in the dock at a fishing boat on a remote coastal resort in the North Pacific . The boat
a black and white cat laying on top of a river . `` A river is a bridge between two or more rivers , '' says Robert Hirsch , professor of geography and geography at the University of Maryland in College Park
an airplane parked at the runway is being repositioned and can be seen in the distance . The aircraft expired due to engine failure . 25/43 A crewmember is aboard the flight deck , assisted by Squadron Leader Andy
a toilet has a sink directly above it , so you ca n't get into a toilet as far as toilets go . However , they have a sink that does not need to be touched . If you have a hot water pitcher
a man and woman riding on a motorcycle . '' The group is now looking to get $ 150,000 for its lawsuit . The U.S. Department of Justice has said it will not prosecute the group
two street signs on a red and white background and one on a blue and white background . `` They did n't even want to call it 'Trump Tower , ' '' said the former Trump adviser , referring to the building .
a sink and a show with a cream sauce . I have never been able to get the whole thing together before , but I 'm sure it 's going to be better . You can order the whole thing at
two airplanes on a landing strip next to each other ; and ( b ) any aircraft on a land-based radar system or aircraft that is located on a non-land-based radar system or aircraft that is
a set of grayish green metal parkas . The red-green light was brighter than the orange , which I thought was too bright . `` Well , I need to find the nearest place to live on this
a lucky bamboo plant in the window of his Toyota RAV4 , which is also powered by a dual-seater . As we 've mentioned before , he is also the first person to be a vegetarian in the United
a living room with a leather sofa , as well as a small kitchen and lounge with a big tv and a small fridge .The house also has a bedroom with a desk , and a large storage room with a large TV
a plane flying over a green field . I was just about to go back to my house when a man came up to me and started yelling at me to `` go away '' and that I had to go back to
some urinals and toilet stalls in a building where it 's known as the House of Justice , which is not actually a government building . '' The building has been used by the police since the 1990s . There are
three adults and one child skiing on a ski slope in the village of Nogia in Northern Kenya . `` When I saw the images of the people from the scene , I knew what I was looking for , ''
a man throwing a white piece of paper over his head in the middle of the street . `` Get off my lawn , '' he yelled , before punching the paper into the ground , according to a police report obtained by
a bent up park bench is sitting beside a chair . He 's looking at a photograph of a tall , white man , with a blue jacket and tie . The man is standing in front of the fence that runs down between
a orange motorcycle parked next to a sidewalk in front of a grocery store in the heart of downtown . The suspect , who police suspect is from the Black Lives Matter movement , was in custody in a vehicle with a
the motorcycle procession made their way down the hill to a small house where it was found that the boy had been stabbed . The boy 's father said he was in a deep sleep when he heard the man shouting from
an old car in a parking lot with a window that was broken , and he did n't know why he did , but he 's so cool and his wife was so young . He 's like 'Yo , I 'm not
a window looking out over snow covered mountains . They had been in a car for about 30 seconds before the car stopped . Their driver , who is in his 40s , had been in a car for
a small bathroom with a red door , or a large room with a large bathroom . The bathroom was not well lit , and if you were to use it with a stove it was very hot and hot . The bathroom was
a large boat full of men is sitting on the beach near the center of the bay . It does n't look like much , though . It 's a man wearing a short coat and carrying a large hammer . The
man preparing simple food in a commercial kitchen . But here 's the thing : in my own kitchen , I 've used some of the best ingredients I could find . I 've used a variety of ingredients that have been
an open beige toilet with some sort of `` girly '' face . A man who wore a black shirt and pants , a black skirt and a black hat , he dressed in a `` wearing down '' style
a fun kid 's display is set up inside the house . You can see it from the backyard . The kid 's playing with his iPhone and some other gadgets . The kids are taking pictures of their favorite pictures and
the bathroom contains a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet , a toilet
man riding motorcycle with someone rapped in his shoulder . Police say the man was wearing a black sweatshirt and a black jacket when he was struck by a second man who was riding in the car with his motorcycle
a dog herds sheep in a grassy area , where they are slaughtered for meat . After eating the sheep , they are used as animals for human consumption . In addition , the meat is grown from the same soil
the small bathroom with toilet and shower stall . The small bathroom with toilet and shower stall . In the bathroom of the small bathroom with toilet and shower stall , the toilet and bathroom have a side door that is open
interior of home with what looks like a house that 's more like a hotel room than a home , '' she says . She 's also trying to look for a way to keep the building 's current layout as it
there is a desktop computer and a laptop computer ) , the system is connected to a local network using a USB cable from the computer . When you connect a computer to the network it will have all the features listed above
a man is using a computer in his house . He does not know what is going on , so he goes to the bathroom and finds a hand gun in the bathroom . He shoots the gun into his hand and the gun
dirt bikes with lights on riding along the road , the new technology has become so popular that a $ 25,000 bike that costs $ 100 to make is now available to buy in the United States . The
an old christian church in vietnam . The church is on a three-way street . There are five pastors , three of whom are gay . The pastor , who is also a
a photo and a skateboard sitting on his chair . He is so good , he 's as good with a skateboard as any person . `` I 've always been comfortable at a skateboard , '' said he .
a 70 styled kitchen containing a lot of work and the kitchen cabinets are large and narrow . The kitchen is a great place to hang out , it is very quiet and quiet . There are plenty of tables , chairs , and
a mosaic tiled bathroom which shows the walls of the bathroom . The walls are marked with a small blue line , and the wall is a short wall . The mosaic has the same level of detail as
a man working on his laptop computer at a hospital , says he was `` very sad and worried '' when he was killed . He said he had worked at the hospital for six months and was `` very worried ''
a bright yellow wall in a bathroom adds a very different feel to the room . The ceiling is a bit smaller . It 's more like a room with a large window . I have had a couple of people asking
photo of bathroom with tank less toilet and toilet paper . It was a great experience . The bathroom was clean and the kitchen was clean and well maintained . We also love that there are no water leaks in the bathroom
a men 's bathroom with at least three different ways to access it . `` It is a very nice bathroom , '' said Hilaria . `` I do n't even know what it is . I do n't even know
a rowing team in a boat on which the team 's captain , Captain Mark Schmitt , is standing . The other crew members are all men . `` They 're all there . We 're all here , '' Sch
an orange and black motorcycle parked on a corner . The man sat back and looked back . He looked at the police , who moved in quickly , and told him that the man had a gun , and that they
a public restroom facility on the side walk of the park for public use . The group 's members took the elevator to the bathroom to find a woman who had just arrived as they were leaving , according to their Facebook
a motorcycle parked against a curb behind a house where a man was shot dead by a police officer . A few hours later , after a car chase in which a man got off of a motorcycle with two officers on
picture of man with rather big nose smiling ( I do n't know if he even has a nose like that but I 'm not sure I ever would have seen him and I think I 'm a bit of a liar , but
a toilet with a monitoring device attached to it . ( A toilet with a monitoring device attached to it . ( A toilet with a monitoring device attached to it . ( A toilet with a monitoring device attached to it . (
an old blue car with a surfboard . It 's a little bit like a movie poster . They 're so good . LINKS : MUSIC : `` Hush '' STORY
a person sitting on as bench with a hand on his head . The jury found that Mr. Tulloch had no knowledge of the offense or attempted it . `` I feel I have been in such
three giraffes in a wood and a few small ones in the grass , which I suppose they will not have if they will not see them . `` Do you know , Mr. Woodman , that there
a book store with a display up for sale . The first sign was a sign that read : `` Dance in the rain . I 'll do it for you . '' The next sign is a sign that
a reflection of a woman in a mirror , as if she had no face . In truth , her face was just that – a reflection of a woman . I am not alone . In the last few years I
an aerial view of snowy mountains and clouds over the world . The sky was covered by a thick layer of ice . `` What are you thinking ? '' `` In the beginning , it was the Snow God .
a bathroom with a strange round shaped toilet . It was a very strange place . He sat on the bed and stared into the mirror . There was nothing to see or hear . He had no idea what was wrong
a man in an apron showing others a whiteboard . He says he was in a white shirt , jeans , and black shorts when he was attacked . He says he was standing in the middle of the street and was
an airplane being prepped for flight , but it was n't a test flight . The crew aboard the aircraft were in a small cabin aboard a Boeing 767 , which had been used to test the pilot 's abilities
children along the side of a street standing on the edge of a residential neighborhood , and you know , you want to be sure something 's right . And , you know , I always kind of do n't want to take the
man sitting at a dining room table working on the bill . `` We 're all so proud of you , Bill , '' he told her . `` The bill is good , '' she said to him . `` It
a bathroom is white with a blue , yellow and white stripe behind the shower . `` We had our house painted black , but it was just black and white . I think it was probably because there was a lot
a man walking beside sheep on a country road . `` I went to the police and they arrested him for rape , after he was arrested for rape , '' he told Sky News . He said that the case
a cooler and fishing gear on a fishing trip . The most important thing is you have the right clothes . You can bring your own clothes . They are not really cheap . It 's always important to remember
top view of a bathroom including tub , shower and counter with the kitchen sink . It 's almost a bit like a mini-vacuum cleaner , but it works better than a vacuum cleaner . I do n't like to
a woman cooks in a large black skillet at her home in the central Seoul suburb of Chonju , South Korea . The girl , who did not want to be identified , said she had been ordered to cook her family
a office desk with a monitor , laptop , and a desk stand . The office is located in the third floor of a building next to the P.O . Box . The building has been vacant since
a row team with a lead woman shouting , `` Do n't let this happen to you ! '' The match was postponed for two days after the incident . Meanwhile , the police said they have received information from two
jogger running past a flock of feral pigs of the same species , and the rest of the flock was cut down and left to die . One of the creatures , meanwhile , ran by , and it was all over
this is an image of a woman on a wheelchair , with her head partially covered by a protective bra . This image is from the New York Times magazine . The photo is taken at a hotel in New York City
a woman takes a photograph of her reflection in the mirror , which she is then photographed for two weeks . She later uses a mobile phone to take a selfie , which she calls `` my body . '' The results show
a cook arranges a bowl of mussels in the middle of the bowl . With a fork , bring the bowl to a boil over medium heat . Then , add the mussel and stir well .
a toilet is sitting on the ground next to the toilet . You can turn it off with the key on . A toilet can also be used for a water purifier . The power of the toilet is controlled from
a toilet is equipped with digital design for the toilet to display on screen . The toilet is designed to look like it is a toilet but has an exterior design with a glass door . The toilet is designed to look
the man is using a mouse looking at the picture of the person with the glasses . The man is wearing a black shirt with a black `` W '' on the front , and a blue `` P '' on the
the wildlife is grazing on the tall vegetation and the vegetation is not growing . The grass and plant life in the area are being destroyed by the encroaching vegetation . The animals are being transported to the wild and the animal is
a colorful display is set up for a very specific occasion , and we wanted to offer a special display for each of our customers that was designed for this purpose . So we made the display available to all our customers by providing
three pizza delivery bicycles are parked on the sidewalk next to a parked car at a store on West Seventh Avenue in San Francisco on Tuesday , Dec. 10 , 2015 . The men are the only people who could possibly know that
a sliced banana is displayed on a plate . On the opposite side of the plate , there is a small window with a photograph of the two women in a dress and a picture of M. Duryea .
several adults and a child are skiing on the lake and in the woods to save the lives of the wounded . The video , which is now viewed more than 1 million times , shows the ski-skis
a bath caddy is stuffed with all the essential ingredients for a perfect Italian dessert . The ingredients include a creamy vanilla custard , a creamy buttercream , a creamy cream cheese blend and a creamy cream cheese layer .
a kitchen with a window that has bars and a large window . `` She has been going out for over 20 years and she 's been getting her period , '' says the owner . `` It 's an amazing time ,
an ana airplane is shown parked on airport runway 19 in Tokyo , Japan . - Japan 's Economy First to land By Hilbert Hagedoorn on : 09/24/2018 08:43 AM | 22 comment
a kitten laying on top of a teddy bear ( from the film `` The Little Mermaid '' , `` Lily of the Valley of the Wind '' , `` The Little Mermaid : Beauty and the Beast '' , and `` The Little Mermaid
a street sign in a language other than English . `` They are doing this in order to take away freedom , '' said Mr. Pinto , who was born in Mexico but moved to the United States a few years
a living room with furniture with a look of emptiness , the only thing left was the ceiling . He did n't go to sleep until a few hours before he died . His death was a tragedy , one that didn
a contemporary living room features leather furniture , glass walls and a contemporary kitchen with a small kitchenette . The main dining area is a large living room , which features a large living room , a large bathroom with a large sink
police officers are on parade as crowds watch as President Trump speaks during the second day of his US presidency in White House Park AFP/Getty 21/50 6 September 2018 The aftermath of a house fire , which broke out in
a kitchen counter is stacked up with food and water , and the kitchen is filled with many things . The only thing that keeps you warm is your own food . I 've found that the heat from the oven is one of
street signage is displayed on a patterned flagpole on the second floor of the Narrowsway , where the former National Park Service station is located . ( Photo : File photo ) The Narrowsway
big cat sits atop a car while two others sit on a bench . And they are all on a mission to save our planet . This list is based on our best efforts to raise more than $ 1.2
a white bathroom has a red towel on it that 's like a red towel on the back of your arm . The bathroom is not a place you just put it in . It 's a place where you
a large airplane lands on the runway while waiting for its wing to turn . The pilot tries to land and the pilot hits the tail section of the airplane as it skids away . The pilot is killed . 2/30
closeup of view of the cabin and the cabin floor . The cabin is also the only one in the world with all of the controls . It 's a huge room . The cabin is in a small room with
a motorcycle driver faces forward with a covered handgun in his right hand and a loaded handgun in his left hand , police said . According to police , the woman , who did not want to be identified in the case
an airplane is parked at an airport under construction in Tokyo , Japan , Sunday , Oct. 19 , 2016 . U.S. President Donald Trump is set to visit Japan in an effort to ease concerns about North Korea 's
zebras and a giraffe share a room with the zoo . `` We are very lucky to have the opportunity to visit such a great zoo and we are very proud of our team at the zoo , '' said
a cat lays on a tarp covering the floor . In the days before the war , the French had their own navy . But when the Americans arrived , they started to ship on a regular basis .
a bathroom with wooden floors and a red carpet . The site has been on fire since April . The fire was reported from the entrance to an area in the south end of the building . The
small white bathroom with a sink , shower , and sinks . There are no bathrooms on the other side of the building . The building is the largest and most well-known in the city , but it
people are lying down watching television with their head on their hands . We live in a post-industrial society in which the average human being is living on a budget of $ 1,500 a month .
a small airplane getting ready to take off from the airport . `` So I just had this very short , short time to get up , '' he said . He was heading back to New York for a weekend
a bathroom with two toilets look in very good condition . My son and I stayed for about 10 minutes . I really loved our room . The bathroom is very clean and is covered with clean white paper towels . The bathroom is
a airport with a large plane getting ready for takeoff . The news came as China 's Ministry of Transport announced that it was moving the passenger train from Beijing to Shanghai , the second busiest major city in China .
image of a girl in the mirror getting up in the morning , the camera caught the girl in the mirror and in the back of her head and in her eyes . The woman was able to get up and the
a young boy is walking past the airport on an airplane . At the time , it was just over 200 miles away . `` He was just a kid from a very small village in the mountains , '' said Robert S
a dog herding sheep at a herding farm near the town of Borneo . She also breeds a dog named `` Dang , '' who has been named after a South African man , who was also killed in that
one of the park benches along the water surface , but if you 're on the water and you see someone on one of the benches in front of you , you 're probably going to be able to see her . You know
an outside toilet in a different country from me . `` Yes ! '' I said . `` If I do n't like , I can never get out of the house . '' `` Yes ! We could go home !
people are snow skiing with a little baby at a time and then you have a guy and you are just like , 'What is wrong with you ? ' `` In addition to the new rule , the new rules also
an image of a hotel bathroom that is the subject of a lawsuit filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court . A friend of the owner , who was not named , claimed in court papers that she was harassed by the landlord and
a residential bathroom has a modern motel look with a modern kitchen , a modern bathroom , and a modern bath and shower , both of which are accessible by an elevator from the kitchen door to the bathroom . On the first floor
a small kitchen inside of a dark office building . It was only an hour from here before she 'd finally come to the door . She 'd left the same day for the next day , leaving her two younger sisters in her
a lady is sitting on a toilet surrounded by a bunch of people and I 'm thinking , 'Why did n't she just open up and let everyone in ? ' But she was n't . She was just talking about what she was
a kitchen with white cabinets and a black table that can hold six or seven people . `` We 're trying to get the best of both worlds , '' said Chris . `` I think it 's great . '' It
a red motorcylcle parked outside a store . `` We 're going to get some people , '' he replied . On the other side of the road , he could see a man running away from a man
a bathroom with a toothbrush holder with a plastic insert . While in the bathroom , I noticed a few girls in the bathroom . They were staring at me and were talking to me . `` What are
giraffes , zebras , and other animals , as well as small mammals like elephants , giraffes , elephants , and giraffes , as well as alligators , geese , geese ,
a group of motorcycles are going down the road to the west , the `` new '' version will be the `` original '' one . `` We 're going to have a lot of people on the road and people just
a toliet sitting on a curb , I took to the sidewalk , and I could feel the pain from my hand . I had to move . The first thing I did was walk around the corner and talk to my
the man is holding paper over the toilet , the man is holding paper over the toilet , and the man is holding paper over the toilet . It 's the same thing . If you are a male , you ca n't have
a small toilet area that is gracefully located in the middle of the city . The toilet is large and the wall is simple to reach . On the side wall is a small window which shows you where the toilet
the bathroom counter with ornaments and an assortment of other items . He had an air of authority . At one point , he said , he had to ask a staff member to remove a piece of paper from his desk
toilet with oddly shaped shiny blue toilet paper . I found this to be a good starting point and I am currently planning on using it in a similar way to my regular toilet paper ( I have had very little trouble using
a bathroom has a sink and a toilet , but the bathroom will be open for a while . The man in the photo who was shot is named as Joseph C. Stoner . He has not been
a bathroom with a plant and vase . The woman , who was with her boyfriend , was then seen in the bathroom with the vase attached to her head . The pair 's relationship quickly escalated when the man
a long bathroom with pink tile and counters that look like they were made in China . One of the walls is covered in Chinese characters , which means `` beautiful . '' Another wall and ceiling is covered with a Chinese
a holder with toothbrushes , toothpaste , and a toothbrush , as well as your doctor for any necessary tests . If you have any problems , please call our Help Desk at ( 208 ) 532
a bathroom at the radisson royal hotel in Paris , a week after the shooting . The couple had been in touch with a friend of the couple 's , but were told they would not be allowed to go to the hotel
an airplane is at an airport with yellow flags and a sign , saying `` Stop Being A Nazi . '' `` It 's a very big deal , '' says the man who has been helping to arrange the airport 's construction .
a well designed entertainment area with a tv and arcade , a TV station , a TV tower and a TV room . In the event that you need a room in your home , please contact the office for a replacement
interior of an artist decorated apartment with a poster of a girl and a picture of a girl , along with a picture of a girl and a picture of a girl . These pictures were printed on the covers of magazines ,
a person in gear is on a motorcycle , while a person in a vehicle is driving . A person who is on a motorcycle is not a motorcycle if : ( a ) A person who is on a motorcycle is
a jet airliner sits on the tarmac at the F-22 fighter jet show in Riyadh June 24 , 2013 . REUTERS/Sebastian Bader As the U.S. military began a new round
a runner wearing spandex has come under fire from some on the right for wearing an orange jumpsuit , while some on the left have accused him of being a racist . `` I 've got a real problem
a narrow bathroom has gold paint and a very distinctive pattern , the pattern is similar to a `` gift wrap '' or `` t-shirt '' pattern . It is extremely hard to see the picture in the photo , but
toothpaste and other toiletries in the toilet 's kitchen . She says the toilet was full of people . `` It was full of them . They were like , 'What are you doing here ? ' ''
the bathroom is small and white and gray ; the window is smaller and black ; and the toilet is white and black . It makes the toilet look more like a mirror . A very interesting design . It feels very
a small bathroom with a large mirror and a wall clock that is designed to have a timer that 's easily accessible from the wall . A lot of the space is devoted to the bathroom , with a small bathroom with
a bike and a carton of food . `` It 's not a good thing because it would hurt my health , '' he says . `` It 's a bad thing because I 'm not going to be able to have
a young man stands by two red motorcycles . A young man stands by a red motorcycle . A young man stands by a red motorcycle ; a young man stands by a red motorcycle . The motorcycle rider can be any
a bench on a boardwalk with a large , white-studded flag . `` They have a flag that says 'Free Palestine ' on it . It 's not an official flag of the United States , ''
a nicely-decorated living room and dining room . The kitchen is a stunning , minimalist , and light , yet spacious space that is also spacious enough for the family . It has a large kitchen with a
people cross the street at the corner of Main and Main Streets , and when they get to the corner they can see the two cars , and people are starting to get out of the car , '' said police Sgt . Steve Smith
three piece fixture bathroom with window over the shower . The bathroom in question had the same dimensions as the bathroom in the previous picture in the picture that I posted on the K9 's blog . The bedroom is a
white jet plane flying in the sky with its tail in the clouds . `` We are not looking for any aircraft that can fly into the sky , '' said an Air Canada spokesman . `` We are looking for
a plate holds a fork with peanut butter , jelly and sour cream , and a spoon filled with sugar . The spoon is placed in the center of the plate , and a hand is placed over the spoon . The bowl is
a plate of bananas and a spoon of fruit and some eggs ( or , they 'll make you a full-sized banana ) . There are several ways to make bananas . First , you can create a banana that is
bathroom with a large marble tub , with two small glass doors , and the door of the bathroom with a door to the next room . The two large glass doors of the first room were closed and the rest of
a small , white chamber contains various devices and components . The small chamber is filled with the gas and oxygen necessary for the combustion process . These devices and components are used to control the air pressure of the system . These devices
a man walks through a kitchen with a man sitting next to him . He 's got to tell you exactly what he 's doing , and he 's got to tell you exactly what he thinks . I do n't think
a black and white cat sitting in front of me . She was my favourite cat but I 'd never met her before and she was my only friend . I 'm pretty sure she 's a good friend of mine as well .
a container holding oral hygiene products hanging on a bed . `` This is a really good example of a company that 's trying to do something , but they 're not going to do it because of the laws , '' said
an image of a kitchen with stainless appliances . The kitchen has a wall-mounted kitchen sink made of stainless steel and a sink for a refrigerator . The kitchen is also built with a kitchen sink mounted on its back
a motorcycle is pictured outside of a building in Beijing on October 20 , 2012 . The Chinese government has said it will cut off access to China 's most popular public transportation network , the Beijing-Beijing Railway .
a motorcycle on the sidewalk outside of a store . `` The suspect and his associates had fled inside the store . The suspect then fled on foot into a nearby parking lot , '' said Sgt . Joe M. Martin of
a person is in a car on the road when they 're supposed to be on their way home from work . The police do n't want you to believe that . The driver might be a stranger , but the road is not
two people with their feet up with white stumps . They were all sitting on the floor of the house . At least one of them was wearing a white t-shirt and a black T-shirt. ''
a hotel room with two chairs a couch , a bed , a table , and a couch . The first floor was the same , and the second was a different room at the same floor . `` I went to
a man taking pics in a bathroom with a woman . This is the second time this has happened to a woman . According to the city 's crime department , this happened in the area of Kalka
the bathroom has white modern fixtures and a large kitchenette ) . The two floors are divided into two rooms . The bathroom is open and open , and has a large , spacious bathroom . The bathroom is also very quiet and open
a kenyan airways airplane sits on the runway at Kolkata International Airport in Chennai on March 18 , 2017 . Picture by : ANI Photo Airlines are struggling to adapt to the changing economy
a plane is parked in the grass near the intersection of the White and South Streets . The police have stopped traffic there . `` We 're looking for a suspect and we 're not going anywhere , '' the officer said .
a woman and her child bike while walking along a street in central London . They were attacked by two masked men in a car after leaving their home in the northern city of West Sussex . The driver of
a motorcycle rider leans into the turn at the end of the track because there may be someone on the other side of the track who is going to turn around and try to take the lead . In a way ,
a desert of bananas and cinnamon in two different flavors . This is an amazing snack for a night out . 4 . 5 . 6 . 7 . 8 . 9
a person taking of photo of herself while she was carrying a baby , or her ex-husband being able to pay for a car . A police spokesman said the woman had been charged with two counts of aggravated assault
a shower equipped for a physically challenged person . He had been ordered to perform two hours of community service before being asked to leave . At least one person was wounded during the incident . The court
a white toilet sits on the front lawn of the former building , and the roof is obscured by a thick fog , so it 's hard to see . The other side of the building is painted with two large orange stripes on
a group of people shopping inside a foreign country , '' he said . `` The idea that the US could use this capability against the people of the world because it has no place in the country , and it has no
a bathroom with a toilet , mirror and a bookcase . `` I did n't know what to do with my life , '' said Ms. Jones . `` I was just going through withdrawal and I was just thinking it
a dog out in a field with a big bag of chips . Tears roll down the cheeks of the dog 's mouth as it slowly makes its way down the grass to the ground . It is all the more
two cat lying on a floor playing with kittens . The child was taken to the intensive care unit and has since been discharged . The boy 's mother believes her son died from the cat 's injuries but is
a white toilet is on display with a yellow curtain . `` You are being a little bit paranoid . There is no place like the toilet , you do n't have to look there , '' she said . READ
several people on bicycles and pedestrians are also getting in on the action . A man has been charged with attempted murder and assault after allegedly killing a man and his wife while on a bike in a rural area .
a black and white photo of a tarantula with the caption , `` What a shame for us that the world is trying to change . What a shame ! '' The tarantula had been introduced to the US
coxswain motivating the crew during a break-in at the Cargill . The crew members said they heard the engine whirring and felt the crew was getting stuck . The crew members said
a cooler and tackle box sitting behind a hot stove . The `` garden of the mind , '' as it was called , is a place where we , as adults of all ages , can see the potential of our
group of people helping a small child ski and go to the park . The police also announced that they had detained a man with an alleged relationship with a woman on Monday evening . The man is alleged to
a room that is painted silver including on the door frame and at the base of the bed , the interior of which is of a different color . The bed is painted `` silver '' with the following colors : blue
a toilet as is typical in asian culture , and the `` pink '' toilet is a typical example of it . The `` white '' toilet is also quite common in asian cultures , and is made up of white
a single engine plane in the sky on October 15 , 2015 . And when the plane did , it was a completely different aircraft . The aircraft did not have the same engine as the one in the past , and
cat sleeping on the hood of a convertible , when he was a young man , he found a man on the street who had been bitten by a deer and he decided to take him out on the street . When
a kitchen area is being built that contains an adjacent bathroom and a kitchen that is being used as a second bedroom . The building was approved by the city 's zoning commission after a public hearing , and council members say
a very small white bathroom with some sort of black wall and ceiling , with a few tiny black windows and a large black door . `` Hey , wait a minute . How 's the water ? '' `` Well
and older airplane with a pilot inside of it . `` The pilot and the pilot 's wife were in the cockpit and they were all looking at each other . When I saw their eyes I knew they were talking to
a line of police motorcycles driving down the street , as well as an official escort from the police headquarters in the city of Pune . The police were also present on the ground floor of the venue , as well as at
a large airplane museum with old war planes and a long history of aviation history , in the 1960s and '70s , and the museum has become part of the city 's history . The museum is one of
a blue bowl holding mashed bananas and oatmeal . A spoonful of sweet almond butter . A handful of chopped fresh basil . A handful of chopped parsley . A handful of coarse
a black cat is huddled in the corner of a café 's front door , waiting for a person to come out . The door opens and a handsome young man opens it . He 's wearing a dark-green
giraffes entering and exiting a train station . But the train 's conductor was still carrying a bullet , and the bullets would have been more lethal had the train conductor not been carrying one . The bullet struck
a white toilet sitting on a sidewalk outside a bar called `` The Pregnant Black Guy . '' The next day he had a conversation with a friend , a woman who told him he was `` too young '' to have sex
old wwii propeller airplane sitting on a bench in the middle of a forest in the middle of the Netherlands . The propeller plane 's propeller propeller head is like a miniature version of an airplane and it
a white bathroom that has been newly cleaned and thoroughly cleaned after almost a year . At the moment , the bathroom is empty , but a small group of people have gathered to watch . There are about 20
a man riding on the back of another bicycle . A cyclist has been shot and killed at the intersection of S.W . North and North Hwy . in the Twin Cities . The scene of the
an airport with an airplane in the air . According to the Associated Press , however , the plane 's wingtip was badly damaged , and it remains unclear whether it was hit by a bomb or a missile . The
a clean bathroom with nothing but a barber-grade barber shop and a few tables . That 's not to say that the two are friends . But they are n't . They are both
a cat is lying on a tarpent . He is breathing in the same way when they are both asleep . I know it 's not all magic , but it is certainly a very good idea to keep an
a bowl of oatmeal is ready to go . We have been in the business for over three years now , and we have been doing this for a decade , and we have been doing it for over three years
interior of a public toilet stall in London Reuters 38/50 25 August 2018 Derby County manager leads the celebrations with players in front of their fans after winning a penalty shootout against Manchester United in the third round of the Car
a light brown bathroom with a white toilet in the middle . The bathroom will also be a light brown bathroom with two bathroom windows . The bathroom will also have a light brown bathroom with a white toilet . The bathroom
a bathroom with a large mirror and ceramic glass . A small pool was set up outside the back of the house . The door was closed to allow someone in to look if anyone was in the house . The bathroom
an angled view from the kitchen of an apartment complex in a rural area of northeast Kansas . The restaurant was named `` The Blue and Gold '' by the local newspaper The Eagle . The restaurant 's owner , Tom Williams
a view of a cloudy sky beyond a crater . I will leave it to you to determine what is in the atmosphere . So I am going to get back to my basic question : Where are the clouds
a surfboard on top of a beaten up old bike . The ride up that mountain is a blur of sheer joy and danger . The ride up the mountain is , well , terrifying . The rides up the mountain are terrifying
dirty toilet sitting in the middle of a large pond . The two women had their hands on his back and stared at him . Both of them were slightly intoxicated and had been drinking at the time. ''
a bike in the middle of an empty street in the United States , but a man in a suit and tie was walking past . He could smell the odor of sweat , and the man was standing in front of him .
two old toilets and a sink sit in front of a bathroom in the basement of a house in a suburb of the capital , Kiev . A woman walks slowly up a staircase to her room in this house in Kiev , Ukraine
a man carrying a plate with food on his head , which he said was a big mistake . He then threw the plate at the back of a car , causing the driver to pull over . Mr C
a toilet that is decorated like a pink bubble bath of glitter . What 's more , you can choose how much you want to wash your balls . The idea is that a lot of the products you buy
man using a camera in a room with multiple cameras and a microphone . The video shows the suspect and the group trying to `` determine '' the location of the cameras . The suspect , who is
a modern bathroom with stand alone tub and a shower . There are no showers in the building , so you might want to pick up one or two of the other three in the same building . The bathroom is just
an aircraft is flying overhead in a blue haze . `` On the ground , I can see the smoke from the aircraft . I can see the black smoke that is coming from the aircraft , '' said the spokesman , who
a large passenger plane on a runway prepares to land at Miami International Airport . The Boeing 727 was carrying three passengers and one crew when it exploded in flames . No one was hurt . Farther
a small bathroom with a stainless steel sink . The bathroom comes with a wall that can be removed for a bath , shower , or shower vanity . This bathroom has a bathtub , bathtub sink , and a
there 's three people riding a cycle on a bicycle here in the city , the first one just got in trouble and he 's been charged with driving while intoxicated and driving while intoxicated , '' said Cpl . Mike Ziercz
there 's a toilet in a bathroom with a big bag of chicken , '' said the mother , who spoke on condition of anonymity because she was not authorized to speak about the case . A spokeswoman for the U.S
a tiled backsplash surrounds light-colored glass and black , `` Papa-B '' colors , as well as a `` B '' logo along with the words `` Papa-B '' and `` Bapa
a pink monster made out of a toilet bowl , with an insect-like head and a green head with a yellow tail . It was said to have been created by a woman named Taki , who had lived in a
a car accident between a car and a pedestrian in New York City on May 3 , 2017 . A car crash between a car and a pedestrian in New York City on May 3 , 2017 . Photo : AP Photo
a ladder sitting against a bathroom wall next to her . She 's been working on a new mattress with a custom-made foam mattress that she designed with the help of an experienced mattress consultant . It 's been perfect for her
a jetliner parked on an airport tarmac in Tbilisi , Georgia , June 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi '' I 'm not going to be able to see it , I 'm not
a herder dog rounds up sheep as sheep feed on the carcass , and the sheep will flee . The shepherd will kill the sheep and sheath it . The sheep will be washed , and the sheath will be
a woman is crossing the street with a baby in one hand and a baby in both , and they 're both holding hands in the street while the other guy is holding his foot in the road and you 're in the way
a man in a suit with a hat on his head . The following is a list of the most commonly seen and photographed incidents of the past seven years . The following are a list of the most commonly
a car crashed into a passenger train next to the train station , killing at least eight people . Maidan has been fighting against the rebels for control over the city , which is under attack by the rebel-
a huge airplane looks small against a wide open field . I 'm thinking of building my own , but it would be a bit weird to put an airplane into this world of people who are n't actually going to fly
a giraffe and some zebras . It is also known as `` The Great Gorilla . '' `` The Great Gorilla , '' is a nickname given to a man who was once a gorilla . This
a bathroom that has a sink in a closet on the second floor . She can easily move around and she can move her hair if she 's not wearing a bra . She is also very active and has a lot
a man is lounging on a balcony overlooking the beautiful beaches of the Suez River , his gaze on the sea . As a man , he sees the world and its people , the world 's people , all living
a car parked in a parking lot with no lights . That was all I remember . I remember the sun shining through the window , a car pulled up behind me . I remember it was the first time I saw
two airplanes on the landing strip of an aircraft carrier , a US Navy aircraft carrier , or the Marine Corps aircraft carrier . The aircraft carrier is a small military unit . The Navy aircraft carrier is a small military unit
a kitchen with a soda machine and black-and-white photos of the kids and the rest . The photo , taken by a friend , can be seen here . The kids are all playing in a backyard on
a green park bench with luggage sitting next to it . I 'm so glad everyone was able to enjoy it at the same time ! The place has a few of my favourites from the original series . The bar is
a wooden kitchen table and bench on wooden stand opposite the table . The room is large and has a great view but the only thing that makes it unique is the fireplace . The fireplace is small and the wood is
a blue race car bed sitting next to the road . You want to see the car ? Well , you do n't have to . This is the exact car you 're looking for . The vehicle has no
a desktop computer in a kitchen with a large desk , a display , and a large hard drive . It took me about a week to get it to work properly ( it took me about 2 weeks to get it to work
small kitchen with white cabinets and white appliances and a big kitchenette with white cabinets and white appliances . It was an old-fashioned way to do laundry and have a nice room . The kitchenette was a kind of back
a computer keyboard next to a mouse and keyboard . You can also easily build your own custom keyboard by using the Raspberry Pi and built-in USB port . Once you 've used it , you can set up your
a dog standing on a green field in Chiang Mai on Thursday , September 11 , 2013 . ( AP Photo/Kai-Xinhua ) The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday struck down bans
an airplane is parked in the middle of the street . The plane is parked in the middle of the street . The plane is parked in the middle of the street . The plane is parked in the middle of the
bowl of food being prepared inside a commercial kitchen . `` I would have preferred it to be a lot smaller , '' said Kagan . The kitchen is being made by a family of five who also owns two
a stuffed teddy bear holding a crucifix , and `` The Man Who Loved Me '' by John Coltrane . The Beatles : The Beatles have been known to be on their toes for decades , which may
old , dilapidated bathroom fixtures , and the odd pair of tiny plastic bags that could also be used as a makeshift sink . `` I was like , ' I 'm just going to go over there and see
this office area is organized with many notes , including a list of all of the notes that you have , and a list of all your other notes . You should also take note of the notes you include in your
a bathroom with significant modifications made to it that would allow it to serve as a `` safe space '' for all . The group 's efforts have received considerable support , according to a statement by the group 's president ,
a commercial airplane being pulled across the runway of a commercial airliner at around 9:50 p.m. on August 16 , 2014 in London , England . Britain goes to the polls tomorrow , Getty Images 9/17 Christopher
a transit train and a black car have been left in the street . Police said they were called to the intersection of the 17th Street and West Street on Saturday after a man began to move on a bicycle .
a kitchen with vending machines and a blacktop with a large sign advertising the game . It 's a small , small town in the middle of nowhere on the south side of Chicago . The story is n't the only
a small bathroom where the vanity is over the sink and the shower is situated on the wall , and is then covered with a green-blue carpet . The bathroom is the only place in the house where you can
a car driving up the road and in front of me . I 've always had this big smile on my face and I 'm so excited to get to see it . I 'm so happy to be here . `` < |endoftext| > The new
ten porcelain pieces with floral patterns and floral arrangements on the back of the book . Each piece is beautifully detailed with the following : - A large decorative flower . - An ornate pattern with a
an airplane sits on a busy run way as it reaches its destination in the southern Indian Ocean . The U.S. Navy has seen a lot of action , from intercepting Russian bombers and landing a small number
a small yellow bathroom with two multitcolored restrooms . I know people will be upset if I leave . My boyfriend is an actor and I have been making requests to him for several years , but he has been reluctant
a large jetliner landing on a runway in the Indian Ocean , at the Pan-Am International Airport in Tokyo , Japan Reuters 26/50 24 August 2018 US President Donald Trump and US ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki
a bathroom with a metal sink and an open door to the bathroom . `` It was kind of ridiculous that you would do that and leave a towel over your shoulder , '' she says . She then went to the police
three women sitting on a park bench next to each other , were given a special treat . The women were told the men would have to wait until they were over 18 . They were told they would be
two cats laying down playing with each other . Another cat , a little girl named Lizzie , was playing in the backyard with her mom . She was so happy and was so happy that she was just sitting
a kitchen sink with two faucets . He pulled out the refrigerator , pulled out the refrigerator sink , and filled it with water . He took the sink to the door and sat on it . Then he put
a bathroom with a sink between a toilet and a shower . The bathroom is the largest in the town , and is about half the size of The Simpsons 's apartment . The bathroom is also big enough to house a large amount
several pizza delivery bicycles sit next to each other . This creates a very neat illusion of safety . The bike is now on the road , but there is no one to take it down . This is
view from above of a woman cooking and drinking water from a tap on the floor of her home . A few days later , she heard what sounded like a loud boom and thought it was her husband .
bathroom with an in the floor toilet . The owner was charged with battery on a law enforcement officer and has been jailed. < |endoftext| > After six years , the company has been given a new lease of life . It
a bowl of food sitting on top of the sink . The next day , at 3:30am , I went to pick up my son . He was doing fine , and he was already drinking .
three giraffe in their cage at a zoo in Botswana . ( Photo : N.R.A.D.O . ) In the next few years , as the population is decimated and the animals become
a small bathroom on an airplane with handles from the plane and a flatbed truck that was just a few feet away and the passengers had their food and blankets and other necessities . At around 5 p.m .
a memorial bicycle with a floral arrangement on both sides , to symbolize the life of the cyclist . The statue , which is built in the city 's historic city streets , is scheduled to be unveiled at the city
a small bathroom with just a toilet and a toilet paper bag . The whole thing is set up in the bathroom and is a good way to keep your head above water . The bathroom also has a small kitchen and
a man and a girl riding a motorbike in the area of Puntland and Londonderry . However , the Garda Síochána have said they will be pursuing the matter with the
a kitchen with a checkerboard floor is one of the coolest things you can do . You do n't need to worry about breaking your finger or making it look different . The kitchen has a lot of accessories that will fit
a person with a scarf cooking with a spoon , or a person who uses a spoon , or a person who does not wash his hands or feet before cooking , or who uses a hand towel , or a person who does
a large propeller airplane flying through the sky . It had one of the largest wings in the world with a wing length of more than 7.5 meters . The aircraft was equipped with a number of small propellers to
people stand around an antique motorcycle in a suburb of New York City . Photo : AP / Michael Short The motorcycle , which has been parked on the side of a street since 1989 , is the first of its kind
a mardi gras reveler keeping a torchlit vigil on Independence Day . `` My family and our community are so grateful for the support and support we 've been giving to make this event a reality , '' said
a group of women sitting on a full-length table with their arms outstretched and their breasts in front of them . `` What do you think of this ? '' Cael . `` I 'm not really
a small bathroom has a ladder on the top of it . The elevator is located at the top of a hill and you are able to step through a corridor . The elevator is not accessible through the corridor .
there is a keyboard , mouse , and keyboard . This is the same , but for a joystick . '' `` Not really , we have the back of the keyboard just like in our computer . It 's just a little
a bathroom with a double sink and large double sinks . When you 're in the bathroom , you may not see any of the above things . It 's just your own imagination . But let 's say you have a
the motorbikes are parked outside the site , with the exception of a few small cars that are parked in the parking lot behind . `` I 've been told that this is the first time that it has happened
a dog is watching some shaved sheep on TV . You hear the sounds of a dog barking on screen , and your brain goes into a frenzy . So you decide to call the dog that is barking . You do the same
a delta airplane at the airport on the outskirts of Paris Saturday , July 6 , 2013 . The French authorities said they had arrested 30 people who had been working in a Paris airport for nearly two years .
a bathroom with a push button on top and a button on the side . The button 's function is to add a `` pause time '' to the phone . When the phone is off it will say `` off . ''
a row of bicycles parked on the sidewalk . `` It 's not a crime . It 's something that has been going on for a long time , '' he said . But for many residents , who have complained
a house has some strange silver stuff on it . [ Pg 7 ] H. P. Lovecraft : I am a pretty boy , and I am quite a bad poet . But I do not
an apartment kitchen with a sliding glass door . The kitchen is surrounded by a spacious pool , which is filled with sparkling water and fresh fruits and vegetables . We sit down in a small chair and ask the chef for a small
a spotted dog sitting underneath the kitchen counter , her legs moving as if in a trance . The dog looked back at the cat and said , `` Are you okay . Are you alright ? '' `` Yes , '' said the
a house scene with focus on the dining room floor . It was a very interesting scene . I was so surprised and excited for the final scene , as I always feel like I am in my element , just trying
a motorcycle and a man are matching in size . In this case , the police were able to identify the perpetrator , but no charges were filed . The police then placed two others in the area . They are not connected to
a boat full of people is on a mission of bringing peace to the world of the islands . The `` Icarus of the Ocean '' project started in the early 2000s and has since grown into an international
a childs room has a blue car parked next to an old-fashioned wooden car dealership on the outskirts of town . The store 's owner is a man with a mustache and wears a long-haired hat . In the
a rustic restroom has two toilets and a sliding glass door . `` It 's nice to see so many people who love the way it works . '' The facility is located at 3810 North Adams St. ,
two nice motorcycles are parked in the grassy area near the bus stop . I stopped for a few moments to see if I could see him , and there were two guys standing there , but I figured they were looking for
a small bathroom has two dirty toilets and a sink that looks like a toilet . A second bathroom is a second bedroom that looks like a bedroom with a bed and a bed . A third bathroom is a
a bathroom sink next to a white toilet in the basement . `` They were really nice people , but they were really cruel to me , '' said Johnson , who was born with Down 's syndrome . `` It was a
a house that has tables and counters with a `` Baker 's '' style fireplace . There are also several benches to sit on , and a full kitchen stocked with dishes and drinks . The store is open from 7
a plane sitting on a field next to a river . There were even a couple of people floating above it that smelled like sewage . `` I was going to ask them about it and they 'd tell me that it
a large black cat sits inside of an orange and white tank in their backyard . They have been on the market for more than two years and are usually sold in the local pet store . `` It 's a tiny
a polynesian and a british , but I have to say he seems much less like the other members of this group . We had a couple of beers that were very good , I do n't know if it
a white bathroom with a wood floor and a shower curtain . He was wearing a white shirt with a white shirt collar . He was wearing a blue and black tie . He was wearing a blue and black striped shirt . He
nice looking front room with brown furniture to spare . I 've been a fan of the house for a long time , and it was a very nice place to live . I 've been living here for a couple of
people are walking across the street at an intersection . I 'm still in the station when I hear a commotion , and I 've heard them say , `` We have to get out of here . '' I 'm still in the
a bathroom contains a toilet and sink below . But the bathroom 's use is limited to `` solitary '' locations and the `` dwelling '' of pets . Pets will be kept in confined
a woman standing in a kitchen in front of a restaurant . The police were called to the scene and there were no injuries . They are still looking for several people who were in the restaurant when they were
a woman in a red robe is sitting on a bench in the center of the church , surrounded by a thousand angry men . `` I am a woman . I am free . I am a man , '' the pastor
a dog sits underneath the counter in a nearby store . She 's been drinking and sleeping for a few hours , but she does n't seem to like it . `` He was just trying to get me out of there
a vanity and toilet are in a bathroom . They are not actually there , but a few people at the door are doing the same thing . Advertisement '' I was really into the show when I started writing
a stool is inside of a walk in town . The walk is a walk in town . In a walk in town , you are given a random pick from a list of people who will be in the
a young lady is reading a book while the other two are reading a book . She is going to be the one to hear it . The book is about the life she had in college , but she is not going to
a kitchen with a full size window in the back and a two person kitchen in the back . This is a great addition to any garden . It also has a beautiful pool table . The patio has a very nice view .
a bunch of potted plants all gathered , their heads set on one side of the table , and a young man , a young man , went back to the table with a heavy hand , and said , `` I have
this kitchen is a colorfully constructed room with two kitchen counters and a sink . The kitchen is a bit large and the sink is a bit small . The only difference is that the kitchen is a little smaller .
a toilet with an illuminated seat in a small window . Then , during the afternoon , she would sit at the edge of the bed , her back to the bed , and read the newspapers . At the end of the day
a black and white picture of a lady who had been captured without permission in Kenya and held for six days on a US military base in the desert in 2011 . A video of the incident , which has been reproduced
a bathroom with a fancy toilet in it . The new bathroom , at the corner of Broadway and Main Street , is a nice , modernized version of the old one . It 's not a bathroom ,
large stainless steel cabinet sink in a large stainless steel cabinet sink in a large stainless steel cabinet sink in a large stainless steel cabinet sink in a large stainless steel cabinet sink in a large stainless steel cabinet sink The stainless
picture of a bathroom with raised seat toilet The story of how an African immigrant from Ghana turned the tables on his own family and took his own life in the name of Islam is told in this gripping film by filmmaker
a plane with dual propellers flying towards him , the pilot 's face obscured by a white mask and his eyes closed . The pilot tried to jump but was stopped by the police . He was taken to hospital for treatment .
a parade with police officers riding police motorcycles , with several protesters shouting `` Death to the police ! '' in response to a shooting by an officer in the back of the head . A man with a sign saying `` Death
a black ct with green eyes sitting before her . He looked to be about half way between them , but he was too late . She looked like she was beginning to lose her grip on him . He was still holding
a view of a small kitchen area and a small dining room . The three are working on their first project that will allow visitors to visit the museum through their mobile phones . Mr Johnson said : `` We
a look up a street post with a map of the city , and the map is in red . The map says that the city is on the left side of the map . The map says that the
a giraffes peaking over a cliff at a low altitude . `` There 's this little waterfall , '' said the biologist . `` That 's a waterfall . '' When I looked up at the sky , the sky was
a black and white photograph of a plane crashing into the Pentagon on July 9 , 2001 . A month later , the Obama administration took a bold step by approving the construction of a temporary military base in the Gulf of
a black and white dog is in an environment that is a lot like a human being . You have to be really sensitive to that . That 's kind of where we got to the point where we really felt where we were
a woman with short , brown hair is a common trope in the anime . Touma is a common example of a character with long brown hair , who is often seen wearing a large hat and sunglasses .
a woman with short , brown hair is a very different story . She was born in San Diego County and grew up in a small village . She started her career as a young woman at the age of 6 . She worked
a bathroom with a sink under a huge glass ceiling , and a small window that is also covered in the shower curtain . The bathroom is located right next to a large wooden floorboard that has been covered with a black sheet
a very clean shiny desk near a window . This is the same desk in which you are sitting , with a large metal desk covered in plastic . And , as you can see by the way , the plastic desk
a view of a bathroom area with a large window . A photo of the bathroom with a large window . Photo : Courtesy of K-Rite window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push
a black and white image of a glossy , translucent and beautiful white shirt , which is of an identical color and texture to the shirt 's `` printing '' in the picture . The picture was taken by a photographer
a car that appears to have hit a bus . The driver , who is identified by the police as 19-year-old Jonathan Lee , is charged with four counts of criminal mischief and two counts of criminal damage
a propeller airplane flying in the daytime , with the wings folded and the pilot 's head facing towards the horizon . The engine can be turned on or off with a small lever . It emits a loud and audible buzz when
two men and a dog in a kitchen . The man threw a rock at the dog with a machete , and the dog died . The man , who has not been identified , was charged with
a man standing on th eback of an ewene n he was a fwend o and t was a bwend was bwend o he c he r he n a n he d a he
a nature reserve where giraffes , moles and other creatures would congregate in the area . The park 's new plans , which are also known as the `` Greenhouse Plan , '' call for a 20-
a child is pulling a suitcase at an event . The parents will be held at the court in the city of Chiang Mai . The court adjourned the case until the end of February , and no
a living room with two sofas , two bedrooms , three baths , a full bath , and a bathroom . The kitchen is on the second floor and the living room is on the upper floor . There is also a
the reflection of a person taking a picture and trying to picture someone else . As it turns out , that 's exactly what happened . What does it mean to be a `` photographer ? '' Photographers are
an empty parking lot features green trees and a green roof . The park is just a few miles from the main bus stop . There 's a lot of traffic , but most people enjoy the scenic trail . This is
a board walk with a plastic bench and a bunch of friends on a beach . The next morning , we spent a few minutes chatting , talking about our experiences and our thoughts on this project . The next day , I asked
a marble tiled bathroom with double sinks . Dana and I shared a room in the basement of the new house and we had a nice time . We watched a bunch of movies , read a bunch of books
a woman in the kitchen while holding dishes in her hand . A man sits in the middle of the dining room , trying to figure out what to do next . This woman is sitting on the floor , holding a tray of
a man riding a bicycle with a man who had run off the road , was charged with aggravated assault . He was charged with reckless driving , a felony . The man had been riding his bicycle with a woman who
a collection of sinks , and basins , and the rest of its contents in the same way as the great ocean . This is a very important book . It is not a history of the world . It is
two cats lay next to each other and it 's hard to tell where they are . There are several cats that are in the same place in the area and the cats get together there as well . That is very scary .
a kitchen with brown / red painted cabinets and a large bathroom . `` It was just this beautiful room , and I 'd never seen anything like it before , '' said her mother . `` It was just the perfect space
a bathroom has a self standing sink on the floor . Another restroom features two doors - one on the left and the other on the right . The bathrooms are located just outside the home where the couple works
a group of passengers sitting on an airplane when the plane crashed . The plane was not damaged and no one else was killed . The airport was closed for the afternoon as emergency vehicles responded . The
motorcycles are parked out side of the lot . '' It is not known how many of these bikes are owned or operated by the state . `` It 's a great example of the state being very proactive
a white bathroom with a walk in shower . There was a little room to wash , but not much . I spent a couple of hours checking the bathroom , only to find that there was no bathroom for me .
a toilet with the lid up that has a small hole in it . That 's it , the rest of the day . Now , it should be noted that the video was shot on a GoPro . So
looking down the aisle of a plane , he was at a loss for words . `` I saw a guy in a wheelchair . He was in the back of the plane , '' he told the Associated Press . `` I
a motorcycle is in a parking lot with multiple parked vehicles in its rear deck . You will have to pull over to get to the front of the building . It takes about an hour to walk down a narrow alley
a pristine white bath room with a pedestal in the middle . The shower is on the right , on the left , and on the right , the bathroom is in one of the two rooms . A man sits outside of
a kitchen with lots of appliances painted mostly of red . The restaurant , with its restaurant and office space , is a home to the local business community . The neighborhood is home to the city of Atlanta ,
a police escort going down the street with a group of teenagers after she called him a rapist . The woman , who did not want to be identified , said she was angry with police for not taking the time to
a pretty young lady sitting on a sidewalk , and she was really pretty , '' says Kiley . `` So they just went out and bought us some snacks and I got a coffee . '' `` I was really excited , ''
an ana airplane as it is taking off from the airport in Bangkok . Picture : Reuters The flight was carrying about 6,000 passengers and was carrying about 200 crew members . More than 120 people were killed
a kitchen painted white with an automatic dishwasher . The sink was also painted black with a dark brown finish . The kitchen was on the third floor of the building and was decorated in a very dark green and black
a group of old planes on display in the Museum of Modern Art 's Museum of Modern Art campus in New York . The museum is the largest in the world to exhibit the work of its most prominent architect , Robert
a cat sitting next to a white bicycle . `` No one is looking out for us , '' he says . The incident happened Saturday afternoon on the corner of South and S. 6th streets near the corner
an indoor museum exhibit features several old planes , and many new ones . The new museum in Kansai , will open in March 2017 . We 've got a lot more on the new museum and are
a teddy bear is siting holding a stick . The bear is looking at the two men and says , `` You 're just making fun of a guy . '' If the man does n't want to talk , the bear makes
through a peephole there is a lot of detail . We also have plenty of detail . It 's going to be a little bumpy , but we 'll see how it goes , '' he said . The former
black and white photograph of a person holding a gun , but without a license . The law prohibits the carrying of firearms in public , such as a church , synagogue , synagogue hall , or school , unless the person
an adorable small dog wearing sunglasses while sitting on a sofa . It has been described as a 'cute little puppy ' who is extremely playful and has a big smile on his face . Scroll down for
fine china stays on display , not used . It 's also a little bit pricey . In fact , I could see the company making a small profit to build a nice china . If you 're interested in
two tall giraffe standing next to a wall , which is a little below the ground . `` It 's just a little thing . I do n't think anybody will ever think of having to walk down this route .
kenya airways airplane wing , engine and wings , and the aircraft has been refurbished . The plane has been in service for over 50 years . The plane is equipped with an advanced communication system with over 900
a bathroom has an mirror with an overhead view of the room . On the left face of the mirror is a picture of his and her . On the right is an image of a man and a woman . While
a toilet seat with lots of options on the floor . It does n't look like much , but if you have a lot of room in your office , you can put two or three rows of chairs under it to keep things
a suzuki shop with lots of cute items ! - The shop is located in the center of the shopping area and in the middle of the building . - Everyone is welcome to bring their own drinks
a bathroom has gold wall and brown counters . And the building has a few other interesting features . The first floor is adorned with a large black-and-white painting , a large glass window , and a large wooden table
three giraffes in a barren fenced area , a huge amount of the land is taken up by the two sides , and the people are forced to work on the ground . `` They are forced to work
lights shine on a wooden dining room table . `` We 've been looking at all the pictures that we have , and we 're looking at the quality , '' says David . `` We 're getting ready to go to London
a man thinks as he stands in front of the door , at the same time , a man sits in front of the door , at the same time , and they are both standing in front of the door , looking at
an airplane parked in front of a small hotel in a suburb of Chicago , Illinois , on March 12 , 2013 . ( Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images ) A young woman is accused of shooting at nine people
a bathroom that is very clean and organized . With minimal maintenance , the bathroom is a great place to get a great workout , or to have a quick shower before you go to bed . The room is also well
a lady in a kitchen reading a book , I 'm really not sure if I 'm looking for my favorite book in the house or not . It 's a book of poetry , and I 'm reading it in my
people feet resting on a table as they walked along , they were able to make out a series of faces in front of them . `` That 's what you have to look at , '' he said . While
three white urinals hanging on a wall in the lobby of the building . The woman was arrested on charges of violating the police code of conduct , resisting arrest , and disorderly conduct , according to SAPD .
a pink think with a mop for the top . It 's a little different from the look of the one I used for the original Pinkie Pie . It has a little more of a pink color to it , but
two men standing in a kitchen with a long , black shirt and blue jeans , with their hands crossed over their heads , on the far wall . One of them , dressed in a striped T-shirt and jeans , was
a bathroom with a sink , toilet and an area for bed . The group 's mission is to find and protect the life of a `` normal human being . '' `` We are trying to work together to protect the lives
some sort of bathroom facility , possibly in the basement , where the man who 'd been drinking the water would be drinking the water . `` No , I 'm not going to tell you that . '' The first time he
a modern computer desk with computer and accessories , and a computer for all . I 'm sure it is a nice little thing , but I 've never seen it as a computer , so I 've always loved my own
an airplane flies low to the ground near the town of Puntland , Illinois . A police helicopter drops a bomb on the ground . A few hours later , a bomb explodes near the French border . The FBI
a desk that has some items on it that are not in the standard library . This is very helpful when you need to edit a file to see what it does . The default file type is a file.txt . This
an airplane that is on a runway at the International Space Station . Flight Crew : Nathan Gray 5/50 28 September 2018 Headteachers from across England and Wales hold signs in Parliament Square , London , as they prepare to
a bathroom that is clean and has the latest technology . `` There are a lot of people who have gotten this idea but it 's been kind of a shock , '' says Mr. Sorenson . `` It 's
an office with lots of things on the table . So it 's a little awkward . And then they bring in this person and he goes , `` I do n't know . '' Then he goes , `` Well , how about this
a computer desk with a flat screen monitor . On a recent trip to the U.S . I sat at the desk and read the report that it contained an `` interactive bulletin board '' that I thought was supposed to
a large number of white cabinets in a room with one or more black cabinets . The cabinets are placed in an enclosed room with a small storage room and storage facilities . The cabinets are usually laid out in the manner shown in
an airplane travels through the air on a flight from the United States to the South China Sea . The aircraft passes through the South China Sea in a manner similar to the way the Japanese aircraft pass through the ocean and land on
mixture of fruits kept in a big greenhouse and stored in large containers . They are so good at the smell that you may find yourself in a big jar if you are travelling by car . The most popular and
a golden stoned elevator has a clock on it . You can only see it when you 're in the elevator , and it 's not on the clock . If you 're still in the elevator , you can see it but
an old with motorcycle with people standing beside him and saying to him `` You know who you are . '' Then he got out of the car and started running . He got into his own , and he was really scared , because
there giraffes in a penned area on top of the cliffs . '' For more information , see our map , the website , the article , and on-line news . Related Stories : North
a pink , handmade puppet sits on the table . '' A few years ago , I visited the local toy factory and saw a couple of my favorite toys , in particular the Jello doll , which is a nice gift
a black cat sitting in a sink in my room . A cat named Soma , who is my sister , and I have always thought of her as my sister . We met in our favorite neighborhood , the old , old
two airplanes sitting near a runway at an airfield in Baghdad , Iraq . The Pentagon 's official statement said the planes were `` commissioned to provide support to the Department of Defense , the U.S .
a small stuffed bear holding a crucifix with a cross and a cross on the floor , as if it is a trophy . This is a very difficult trophy to get , since it will not be able to be obtained for $
a large plane is taking off from a base in the South China Sea . The two countries have been conducting their annual military drills in the South China Sea since 2010 . A Russian fighter jet has allegedly circled the Chinese
two motorcycles leaning on their kickstands , and as a result , there was a great amount of bike traffic . While my girlfriend , who was driving , was driving , her truck was blocking off the road and
an airplane takes off from a runway of the North Korean city of Pyongyang and lands in Pyongyang , North Korea , on April 4 , 2013 . REUTERS/Pyongyang Rodong Sinmun ( R ) The North Korean
a clock sits high on a wall while he watches a movie . He also sees the stars . It 's not that he ca n't see , it 's that he ca n't make out what 's happening to them .
a large bathroom with a large bathtub , and a private bathroom with a shower . The bathroom was covered in a plastic flooring . The bathroom door was open to allow for people to enter and use the bathroom
an old blue car with a surfboard on the trunk . It was parked in a small street on a deserted street of the neighborhood . A few doors down from the window was the house . `` Are you on
a pink puppet toy with googly eyes , a black nose , a red nose , and a red nose on the left side of his body and an orange nose on the right . His name is Luka .
a large dog sitting underneath a kitchen counter , her owner has been ordered to pay $ 30,000 . She has been in court on charges of being a party to a crime , and has been ordered to pay a fine
a teddy bear that is holding a copy of the Bible at the back of their car and is carrying over the Bible to get it in front of the other kids . They say that God has taught them that
a side view of a large commercial complex in the heart of downtown Washington , D.C . The complex houses the Washington , D.C.-based Capital Construction Group ( CCG ) . The company has operated
a small bathroom with grey tile and a small bathroom with grey tile . This project is a bit longer , though I think it will take the shortest amount of time ( and cost less ) to complete than it will
a clock on the wall of a brick house in the town of Zavala , southwest of Kabul . A man is seen standing at the entrance . An Afghan policeman walks past a man who was shot dead by
a clown riding a bike down the street . `` The police are all over it . They want to see what the police have to say , '' said one woman who asked not to be named . The mayor
a kitchen island in the middle of a tropical climate . `` It 's a very interesting place , with a lot of beautiful , beautiful views of the Pacific Ocean and the ocean . It has a very unique flavor .
a toilet bowl with buttons next to a small hole at the bottom of the bowl . You can also use a small hole around the bottom of the bowl to cover the toilet case . When using the toilet bowl to
a bathroom that has a light on inside for use as a bathroom . The bathroom is located on top of a small balcony at the back , with a curtain hanging from the balcony . The bathroom is built on the roof of
a peak into a long bathroom with a hot tub , and then in the bathroom with a hot tub . He was also forced to eat a bowl of fish and then had to go to a bathroom with a hot
the black cat is alert , lying in wait '' ) The Black Cat is a sentient cat . The Black Cat is the antagonist of The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 1 and The Hunger Games : M
a man holding a plate of food while holding a man and woman , who are being treated for mental illness , inside a restaurant in San Francisco , California Reuters 35/50 22 August 2018 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull speaks to
a cat that is staring at the camera on a tripod . She is obviously confused ! I have to say , she is n't happy . I 'm sorry that I was so offended . I do n't know how to
a white train colliding with a black train . The problem is that the police used a combination of deadly force , which they were using without provocation , and the use of force that had no justification – the police
a computer desk with a desktop computer and a desk and a desk and a desk and a desk , '' she said . `` I 'm proud of the work that we did . '' The team of volunteers with the university 's
a bicycle parked in an empty parking lot . He was arrested later at a police station . The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition . The man is in custody and is expected
a small bathroom with a tiled back wall , a shower and a living room , and a small living room with an open window . The room is surrounded by two large , wide , glass windows , which also overlook the
a small narrow bathroom with white and black and white and white and white and white and black , and it looks like a giant , beautiful , enormous-looking house with its own little bathroom . I was so excited when I
a bathroom with a small tv screen next to it . It 's pretty much a pretty cool idea if you 're a fan of the show . But it 's not quite the same . I would say I 'll give
a orange and cream colored bus parked outside the restaurant . `` This is a nice little neighborhood , '' she said . The police officer said he did n't know how many people were inside when he was on the
motorcycles are parked in a dirt road . The first light has been turned off . They are then forced to ride away from the scene . The riders are not permitted to park their bicycles outside the scene .
a small , white bathroom has a bamboo floor which has a small waterfall and a small kitchen with a table . A small pool is also accessible by climbing the rocks of the hill . It is a small , narrow path and
a man riding a bike on a dirt road , a man who 's drunk and on drugs , a man riding a bicycle on a trail and a man who 's been hit by a car . In a statement to the Denver
two men are standing in a kitchen and there is a small man in the middle of the room with a large knife . He has a gun and is pointing a gun at a person . It 's a good idea . He
a group of people set on the ground in the middle of the desert , in the middle of nowhere , in the middle of nowhere . And then they turned to their own people and said , `` We are the People of
a woman in a red flowered shawl . `` I 'm going to do that , it 's all going to be okay , '' she said . `` I 'm going to be alright , it 's all going to be
a man , woman and child in an effort to save his life . In the end , he was shot five times in the back while carrying a loaded .45-caliber revolver , which he believed was a gun that he
three boys riding their bicycles on a street of homes in the village of Yolanda . The incident happened on the morning of May 15 , when a man from a nearby village was found dead on the outskirts of
a green motor bike with an odd leather seat . The front wheel was a nice , clean one by the way , and the brakes were n't as precise as they should have been . The rear wheel was a bit stiff ,
a white modern kitchen is on display in a private home in the village of Kaunas , about 20 miles from the capital . The family lives in a small house with a small window , but it has been
a man lounges sitting backways , and as he passes , he asks me if I 'm ready to give him the chance . I 'm not . Not if that 's what he says . He is just waiting for
a woman standing in a kitchen cooking food stand . `` What is your name ? '' `` I am Mina . '' `` Hello ? '' `` My name is Ma . I am a student at
a snow covered soiled toilet sitting in the corner of the room . What was that ? `` A snow covered toilet ? '' My dad asked . `` Yeah , '' I said . `` Are you trying
a small bathroom with a stand up shower . ( He 's already been using it for the last two weeks . ) He 's spent the last few hours of the day trying to get back to work , and it 's been a
an apartment is lit up and a bathroom is made for the women . The only way to get in is by taking a bus and getting on a bus . But the bus stops are big . They 're big enough
a person holding a bouquet of flowers and a casket , may carry or carry them to the scene of the crime . ( c ) An officer may enter the property of a person holding a bouquet of
a man opening the oven with food in his hand to try to break the spell . He ca n't do anything except get up . He is then forced to fight his way through the night . In the first chapter
a man is taking a photo of himself . The young man is taking a photo of himself . The young man is taking a photo of himself . The young man is taking a photo of himself
a bathroom is lit up with a dim light that looks like it 's just an electrical outlet . A lightbulb goes off at night and is replaced by a lamp . When you go back to sleep to go to bed
two men standing in a kitchen next to the restaurant . The man , who did not want to be named , told police he had been a customer at the restaurant the night before , according to documents . Officers told
a large bedroom with big windows and a big kitchen . It 's a small room , but it 's close together . It has a large bathroom , and on top of it there is a large closet . You can use the
a picture of a cat on a bike is being taken in a park , in a community park , or on a beach . The new rules , which are published alongside the previous one , would require a person to
a brown dog standing next to bicycles in the middle of the road , and was immediately stopped . The officers , not sure whether the dog was a stray or an animal , ordered the dog to be removed from the
a nicely kept shower with a seat inside in the back . It was the perfect day for the trip to the Bahamas . The car was very clean and comfortable . The driver was very nice , and had a pleasant
a large passenger jet flying off of a runway in Saint-Julien-de-Peyrolas , southern France . The bad weather caused large power cuts and a man who was working in a summer camp went missing
view of a snow capped mountain from in the distance The original model is still available from the website , but is not compatible with the newer models . If you 're wondering why the snow cap has a red
a young man crossing a street next to a police cruiser . He was being questioned by two other men who were waiting outside the car , he said . One of the men was standing beside the suspect and asked him
a motorcycle parked in front of a crowd of young women . `` I 'm not even sure why she did it , '' he said . `` But I feel like a girl . I 'm a girl who has been through
a man taking a selfie in a bathroom stall . Tensions between the two men escalated on Thursday after a video emerged showing the incident , which was recorded by a woman in a bathroom stall . The woman
three kids riding their bikes on the side of the road , one of them in a blue-and-white striped jumpsuit . `` I was just thinking about how lucky I am to have all these people who have a
a white bike with flowers on the front . The company 's website says it 's offering `` a wide range of bike and bike accessories '' . It 's a good start for those of you who like to drive , but
a black and white image of a bathroom in an Ohio town . The photos are a direct link to Ohio Gov . John Kasich , who is leading the state in an effort to legalize gay marriage . K
black and white image of a person crossing the street , or a person with a person-to-person relationship who is traveling within the city limits . ( 3 ) A person who is crossing the street or in
a lot of bikes parked next to each other , they 're not going to be able to do that . We do have a lot of people on the street who bike to work and they 're not going to be able to
a big bowl of assorted fruit on display , one of which is the `` Waffle House '' ( a little blue and orange ) that is in many stores at the moment . In the past few weeks , we
a kitchen sink in a house that is just a few feet from a huge pool . The two men , who are both from the same tiny town called Fort Worth , are known by friends as the `` B-
a bathroom that has a toilet with buttons and a mirror . The bathroom can also be used to hold more than a few items . The bathroom can be used as a storage room or as a home for a child who might
a man riding a back while a passenger was injured after a car struck a man riding a front seat . The incident happened around 4.20am . The victim was taken to hospital in critical condition .
a black and white image of a plane crash in the Netherlands . `` The crash happened in the Netherlands and was caused by a high speed aircraft , '' the report said . `` An investigation is underway and the
a black cat sitting in a bathroom sink . A woman 's body was found in the sink with a broken nose , broken ribs and broken vertebrae . Police said the woman 's body had been removed
a group of people sitting on the grass of a field , a group of people with a huge tree , a group of people in a tree , something that is different than anything you see in the field , something you can
the view of a kitchen from above leading into the kitchen and into the bathroom . At the end of the view we see a pair of white and blue slippers on the kitchen floor , which is where you will see the
a traffic light next to a very tall building . It 's a small building , but it 's made out of concrete . I was going to do a little research and see if this was the right place for that particular design
a large jetliner parked an airport near the airport , but the two sides were unable to reach each other . `` It was all a misunderstanding , '' one of those involved told police . The plane was carrying
a young woman sitting on the curb while looking at a computer screen . `` I 'm not sure how much longer we are going to take this to a judge , '' she said. < |endoftext| > Towards the end of
a woman cooking in a wok while a man sits on a bench . The first of two cases of the two-day ban was filed against two women in connection with a recent incident at a restaurant in the
a motorcycle parked in a parking lot next to the house of a man suspected of killing his wife and three children in a recent carjacking in the city 's north . The man , 27-year-old
a dog sitting in front of a brown leather chair . He sits by the window , looking out over the River Thames . The next day , a man named Christopher walked up to him and asked him if he would
a bathroom while tile floors and walls and ceilings were painted . `` This was all done by professionals , and they did a great job , '' said the neighbor , who asked not to be identified to avoid retribution .
three urinals hanging from tiled walls . I can see it from my vantage point , but I 'm not sure I 'm looking at a real person . `` It 's not like it 's a lot of people
a porcelain tea and bathroom set made from a mixture of water , soap and water . The final task was to make the tea and toilet set the correct temperature . The first step was to take
a man laying on top of a motorcycle . I 'm going to take you to the next level , and I want to get you a tattoo of my face. < |endoftext| > MADISON , Wis. ( AP )
on his days off the owner of the team . `` At this point , I do n't think anybody will ever be able to say that he 's done anything wrong . He 's just been doing it for a long
a bowl full of food sitting on a chair . `` We wanted to give it a try , but we did n't have the money or the money to make it happen , '' he said . `` We did
a dog sitting in a car sticking his neck out . The man , who appeared to be between 30 and 35 years old , was seen wearing a black hoodie and was carrying a black baseball cap , according to the Daily
a large entryway with a clock mounted in the center of the door . The door was opened by the two men , and the first opened the door and opened the door with two keys . The second was locked
a corner in a kitchen with many potted plants . They did n't find any dead animals , but they found a large number of birds , birds of prey and other small insects . I asked them for some of these birds
a person sits at a table and another person sits with the other person . The more people in the group and the more people on the other side of the table , the more likely the person will be to be seated .
dr suess riding a bicycle on a highway . He said such traffic was becoming more dangerous and dangerous because of the speed limit and the traffic congestion . `` This is a great day for cyclists , it
an urban garage door painted with a cat 's name , the next morning . `` It 's like an Italian sausage shop , '' he said . `` I bought this because I wanted to open a house and put my kids
a parking stand with cycles and a dog on the ground when a friend came out to help . She said she would never have gotten here without him . `` I 've never had anyone tell me , 'You 're
a collection of soap dishes , bowls , and bowls of assorted sorts ( like this one ) . It is not a typical soap dish but it is a good place to start . A few tips on cleaning :
a toilet with a blue seat cover with a large red strip on the back . ( For the first time , the seat cover was included with the bag . ) The door was sealed with two blue plastic sheets and two
a bathroom with bathtub , shower stall , kitchen counter , and fridge . The house is made of 100-year-old reclaimed wood , with a few items salvaged from other structures . A large yard is
a library filled with wooden tables with apple and tree trimmings . We have a great variety of food on tap , from locally grown fresh produce to local , locally made desserts . The main menu features
a glass vase filled with oranges on the stove , but I could never find it , so I could n't find it anywhere . I knew I was going to have to find it . I did n't like the feeling of
two cats play fighting while laying on a mattress under their bed , and in the end they are killed . `` The cats are just happy to be there that night , '' says John D'Aguilar , who
a kitchen with a doorway leading to a large kitchen dining area . The family 's home , a 10-acre plot of land on the edge of a creek in the San Gabriel Mountains , is listed for sale by
an airplane high in the sky flying overhead . `` I did n't realize it was a plane but I had no idea that it was over there , '' said Tom Boonen , director of the U.S .
a yellow doorway with a clock above it , and the sign to the left . On the right is a bar with a bottle of wine in the middle . The bar is located in front of the bar , next to the
an airport with large jetliners and a few dozen helicopters . `` We ca n't see any problems , we 've got a lot of fuel and can fly very well , '' said the plane 's pilot , Maj. Gen
a man standing next to a red motorcycle that was moving along the road . One of the men said : `` I do n't know who would have thought that if somebody had been to this place , they 'd be
a blue motorcycle parked next to a red car . It 's a good example of how the car industry has become more than just a vehicle and not just a motor vehicle . One of the problems with all this is
an air hanger with two world war II-style steel barrel-stabilized stock . The main compartment is filled with two main magazine covers . These are the standard M3 and M4 magazines , plus
a bathroom has a tub and a countertop , plus a sink and a shower . It 's a great place for a night out and a place for a meal . The food is great . The food is amazing
a street filled with lots of traffic next to the hospital and also a lot of people in the area . After getting in , we parked and headed for the hospital . We heard the screams of everyone in the street , and
a master bathroom with a round bathtub . As a result , the room smells like a small bathtub . The room can be very dangerous . On a recent visit to the living room , I found the floor
a man riding a motorcycle with a woman in a silver BMW , was killed in the crash , police said . The man , who was struck by the car , was taken to Methodist Hospital where he died , police
a narrow kitchen with a refrigerator at the back with a small freezer at the front . The dining room was in a state of disrepair and as a result , it was often hard to find a place to sit
a glass bowl filled with fruit on a plate . The fruit is sliced into chunks and placed in the center of the bowl . The fruit is then sliced into a thin round shape using a knife . The fruit is then placed
a bathroom with a bathtub next to her . A man was arrested and charged with burglary , which is a class A misdemeanor . A man was arrested and charged with burglary , which is a class A misdemeanor .
a young woman holding a bowl in a corner of the room A man dressed in a black suit and carrying a bag of cookies was seen heading to the main entrance of the cinema after he was caught unawares
a restroom with a window and a toilet , the man explained , his eyes darting from the edge of the screen , as if he was witnessing an invasion . The video was filmed by a woman who identified herself as a
a commercial aiplane in flight against the Soviet Union . In the early 1960s , a Boeing 787-8 , equipped with a large cargo capacity , would take off from Washington Dulles International Airport . It would
a kitchen with a table and four chairs . A lot of people come here and they say , `` How can you not be here ? '' A lot of people come here and they say , `` How can
a man standing in front of a board , and he had just finished with it . `` He had just finished with it and it was very nice . I do n't know if I have to say it again , ''
an airplane flying in the air , on a mission to rescue a woman aboard the downed airliner . More than 200 people were killed when the plane went down in eastern Ukraine during a routine military exercise , the Pentagon said
a commercial bathroom stall with empty toilet paper . ' I was just a little disappointed because I thought the staff who did this had no idea what was going on , ' he says . ' I just thought it
a line of bicycles parked beside a brick factory , which is situated just 20 metres from the scene . Police and ambulance workers have been called to the scene to help with the situation . The incident is being
a giraffe standing next to a small wooden fence . `` We 're very thankful for the opportunity to bring the animals back , '' said the museum 's director , Dr. Robert V. Brown . `` They were never
a crowd of people standing around an airplane in the middle of the night , and the air conditioner started to run out of gas . The police took the plane , and you could hear the police barking orders . I didn
the ammenities at a popular luxurious hotel , where it was first discovered . The body was found in a park in the village of Zabou , about 20 kilometers ( 15 miles ) away from the capital
a kitchen with a white stove and oven . I was so excited to finally have a table with a view to my dining room . It 's a great place to put your kids to school , for a while . It 's
a young man posing beside his red racing car on the way to the race at the top of the hill . `` I 'm glad to have found that place , '' he said . `` It 's a great place to
a cloud covered mountain sitting above a forest of rocks , where there is a clear sky and a warm wind . It is a beautiful place to see the moon , the stars , and the moon shining in the middle of the
a bathroom with a white toilet next to a black one . The other woman , a former student at the University of Maryland who does not want to be identified , told the Baltimore Sun that she went to the bathroom
a clean bathroom that is white and brown in color , a kitchen that is black and filled with white tiles , and a bathroom that is white and white in color . In the meantime , if you are looking for
a bathroom with a white toilet next to it . `` This is a horrible part of our community , '' said one woman . `` It was very cold . We all took photos after that , '' another said .
a man standing next to a motorcycle in the streets of a city which has been ravaged by a decade of sectarian conflict , at the town of Zabadani , west of Mosul Getty Images 22/24 Iraqi refugees An elderly
a bathroom with the toilet tank high up in the sky . It was n't like a bathroom at all . It was just a bunch of people getting together and having fun . Advertisement It was actually kind of
an empty toilet stall with two rolls of toilet paper . She was looking at the paper and when she saw the man standing next to her , she was frightened and said , '' You 've got to stop ! ''
a computer sits atop a computer desk with an Ethernet cable . The cable is designed to connect a high-profile monitor and a high-volume TV that can be connected to a USB port . The monitor is connected to a
one person sits in a library full of books , and they 're reading the same books , but they 're not reading the same books at the same time . So if you read a book , you 're just reading
numerous oranges sit in a vase and are placed on a tray . The orange peel is rubbed with a mild vinegar and the peel is applied to the tray . The vinegar then adds some sugar and a pinch of salt
a row of urinals hanging from a top wall . They would later be found by police . `` They told me they were there to kill the family . They said they were trying to kill me . They were
a bathroom with a walk in shower next to a wall and a tub in a closet . If you have a family or friends who are interested in adopting kids , or want to meet up with them for a short
a bathroom with a white sink next to the sink . `` I did n't know what to do . I did n't know what to do . I just felt like I had to put my life on the line , ''
a toilet in a restroom next to a large fountain . The victim said the woman was a `` firm but polite '' young woman who had recently returned home from work . She said she asked the man
a black cat sitting in a field of grass , with a blue paw on her back . `` What 's wrong ? '' the girl asked , her voice soft and her nose dry . `` She 's looking for
a shelf in a bathroom holding liquor and a bottle of wine . He said that he was given the `` stupidest '' call in his life . `` I was being rude , '' he said. ``
a tiled bathroom showing a country sink with a `` white and red `` sign . It also shows a red and white wall with a picture of a country that is in the final year of a new millennium . The sign
a spotless white kitchen with some sort of kitchen with a very nice view of the ocean . It 's a great place to do any kind of cooking . The fish and veggies are tender and very tasty . We
a man sitting backwards on a parked motorcycle has been arrested by a police officer . He was arrested in New York on suspicion of reckless operation of a motor vehicle after crashing into a parked car in Brooklyn .
a desk with many books and pictures on it . A picture book with many books and pictures on it . A desk with many books on it . A chair with many books on it . A chair with
a kenya airways plane with a crew of about 60 . The flight was diverted to a Bangkok airport , but a military flight diverted to a different city that was not in Bangkok . The military
a vintage green car with people inside displays a small replica of a famous cartoon character . The company is also building a new restaurant . `` We 're going to do a lot of live music and it 's going to
a bathroom with a bathtub , a shower , and a bed for a child . This is one of the three-year-old stories we have . The other one is a story of a house
there are two motorcycles one is blue and one is green ) and a motorcycle with a front-wheel drive . The two motorcycles are similar except the front end is a bit shorter . The front end of the motorcycle
a woman sitting on a curb with a gun in her hand . `` I 'm still not sure who they were , but you know , I 've never felt this bad before , so I 've got to trust them
a lightly colored kitchen showing counters and cabinets , a large , circular table and chairs , a large kitchen , and a large kitchen with a large front porch . The dining room , kitchen , kitchenette , and small bathroom are
three giraffe 's in a green field . The animals were placed on a tray containing food , which they were then fed . The researchers found that the giraffe had a 50 % increased chance of experiencing hunger compared
a modern looking commode in a very nice and well thought out location . I was in the process of getting a new laptop , and was looking for a place that would have some of the best Wi-Fi
a white kitchen counter with a big , huge window . A small group of people sat nearby , staring at the large window . The first thing we did was take a look at the picture . It 's from the
there is no toilet paper in this tiny room that is filled with feces and urine , '' said the woman , who did not want to be named . The woman , who did not want to be named because she was
a giraffe standing near some rocks and on the shore of the River Gautier . The two dogs were on the same side of the water and both showed extreme concern for each other .
an old photo of a crowd of people on a bus heading towards the city center . It 's not clear whether the bus was parked at the same spot as the one that was attacked . The driver of the bus
a bathroom that features a vanity cabinet with a sink , shower , and bathroom sink . The bathroom is made from recycled materials and will last you about a year or more . A bathtub is made from a piece
toilet with blue rug and blue rug with purple carpet . Please note that the house is not a public place . We are located at 901 6th Ave NE . I would like to thank the following people
the man is wearing orange and black shoes . `` I think this is a really bad idea , this is a very bad idea , and it 's a very bad idea to have this kind of policy in place .
a young man riding a bike through a field in his hometown of Ladd-Finch , Minnesota on the evening of the July 6 , 2001 , attack . His name was Michael R. Taylor . Taylor ,
a tile bathroom with a toilet , sink , and a shower . The bathroom is covered with a few tiles and the shower is covered with a few tiles . I 'm not sure what the design of these tiles is . It
a bathroom has yellow tile and white fixtures that look like they might be used to repaint the bathrooms in the future , but the tile is still too expensive to be worth a lot of money . The best place
this kitchen has all white cabinets and there 's a fireplace . I 'd like to see some kind of a fireplace that would sit in the back . I 'd like to see the kitchen wall or the roof . I would like
the girl in the kitchen is holding a little baby , and I take her to the bathroom , and she says : `` I 'm not going to do that , I want you to see it with my baby , because it
a neat and tidy modern bathroom with large shelves and a small refrigerator . The kitchen is located in the back room , which is a great place to relax . If you spend too long there and you feel like you
the toilet paper containers in this public restroom . The incident is the latest incident , which has been taking place across California in recent months . In December , a man was arrested after he was found carrying a gun at
a car bed and a tool box dresser . `` We 've got a lot of good things going on in the world , so I 've got a little bit of a chance to do some good things .
a woman is sitting at a table wearing a white dress , a white button down shirt and a white , button up shirt . She is a girl . She is sitting at a table wearing a white dress , a white button
two empty toilet paper roll holders hang in a corner of the room , which are filled with the contents of a large bag . A pair of binoculars are on the other side of the room , and a few minutes
a man is bicycling down a street next to the home of a woman who was killed in the collision Saturday morning . A man was killed in the intersection of West Sixth and Central streets Saturday morning .
two domestic cats engaged in a physical confrontation with a man . The cats were found abandoned in the parking lot of an apartment complex . The incident was reported to police , who dispatched a dog rescue team who took the
a office desk in room with multiple items , including a laptop and a tablet . `` I do n't know if it 's an accident or if it 's just someone who 's working and does n't use a computer , ''
man wearing flip flops walking down the aisle , he has just become the first of his kind , according to a new study . The study , published in the journal Current Biology , suggests that the rise of the
toilet with open lid in the middle of the toilet . This is not a common toilet . It 's a toilet that has been made from concrete slabs . The hole is a small hole where the
an aeriel view of mountains from a helicopter as it flies over Mount Everest in the Himalayas . The summit is expected to be one of the world 's most stunning peaks and is known for its lush forest
there are two books is on a shelf in the library or on a shelf in the office . If the book is on that shelf you will be able to find it easily , but if it is not you will not find
a white sink under a mirror beside a pool of water . He leans against the mirror , watching the water slowly rise . He looks up at the mirror and sees a small child , a boy with black hair .
a bathroom scene with a modern toilet and then a few more scenes , there 's a lot to be excited about . In fact , the first two episodes of the first season were quite enjoyable for me . There were
the plain is taking off from the airport and into the river . I have been asked to travel as far as the river . I was sent to the south and I was sent to the south , but then I
an older orange van is parked next to the road . `` They 're running out of gas after that , so this is a very big problem . It 's very , very dangerous for motorists , '' said Dr. Richard
a sloping street in a small mountain village . He has a small apartment and a nice house in the middle of the street . He is a bit of a bumbling kid and has a good sense of humor . He
there is a picnic with people sitting in the back on a bench , and there are benches and benches and benches and benches and benches . And people are sitting there and watching the game . We are not there . And it
a very elegant looking white bathroom with huge view of the sea and is open to the public . The restroom is very spacious , with a very clean bathroom . The bathroom has a full length shower and an unise
a group of people standing near a person 's neck . A person who had been drinking and drinking on the road has been found to have died , officials said . The dead man was identified as 27-
a gate has a graffiti picture of a black man who has been shot , stabbed and killed . The graffiti picture , as well as the fact that the man was shot by police , was later found by local residents
the three urinals are lined up in a box . I walk through the area and the door . The woman is holding a baby . She can see the baby in the corner , staring in at me . It
a bicycle resting outside of a building door . `` It is a good reminder to stay out of the neighborhood and stay out of any problems , '' said John R. McNeill , a spokesman for the city .
a library with laptops on the desk and a laptop on the floor . `` I 'm not going to write a book on computers , but I do have a laptop , so I 'm going to be able to use
glassware and oranges arranged on a tan rug . The shop is located on the third floor of Kew Gardens , just a block from the university . A new building has been built around the property and
three white urinals in a tiled room . As a result , the group has become a more cohesive force than most people have anticipated . `` I think our message is that people should not hold a
a dog in a field watching a herd of sheep . The dog will show her the image of the animal and she will tell the herd that she is a beautiful girl . She will also be told the name of the animal
an orange volkswagen bus with a black and white striped `` W '' logo on the side . On the left is a sign that reads , `` This is the new world of car styling . '' In
a white ana jet sits on the runway to take care of the plane . The plane 's captain had been at the controls of the aircraft for a few seconds when emergency services arrived . The plane was carrying
shampoo and soap holder sitting next to a sink . I do n't think that a man would want to have to sit next to someone . `` Oh my God , I 've got to go to the bathroom . I 'll
a black and white bathroom with sink , shower , and bathroom sink . All of my belongings were left behind in the bathroom . I would walk back to my parents at the time , and they would always say `` You are
a retro bug van is parked at a garage . The car 's GPS track is not working . `` I am driving a car that 's been parked at the garage for 25 years , '' he said. ``
a dog laying on the floor next to his . `` I ca n't wait to see what he has to say , '' he said . A photo posted by Matt Taylor on Feb 1 , 2016 at 9 :
motorcycle rider rides a rocky trail with a strong and steady hand . The bike will be delivered from the factory to your home . You can get the bike at any of the following locations :
a shiny silver and red motorcycle are parked in front of a large mural of the famous Russian fighter jet in Shkreli , on the outskirts of the city . The image of the Russian fighter jet is very popular with
a bathroom with a toilet and a shower . `` It 's like what you do when you 're a child , I guess , '' she said . `` I like to go out and get a shower and then go back
a restroom showing only the toilet , toilet seat and other things . In fact , this is a bathroom that you can just use . The toilet is also very useful if you are feeling stressed . If you are using
a little dog is staring at a herd of cows . But when he says , `` Hey , I 'm a dog ! '' and then asks `` What 's that ? '' he 's not even trying to be clever , he 's simply
a motorcyclist with protective gear is the most dangerous person in a motorcyclist 's life . '' In the past , there have been a number of deadly accidents involving motorcycles , with one motorcycle being killed in 1999
two men and a dog standing in a field . It 's a strange scene . It 's like the guy who 's had the worst nightmare : He was shot in the chest , and he 's dead . And what 's more
a kitchen with red cabinets , white appliances , and a white kitchen with white appliances . We made this as a wedding gift for my husband , and we enjoyed it so much that we decided to use it as our home decor
a motorcycle parked in a parking lot with the name of the driver of the license and the name of the driver 's employer . If the driver had been employed by the company before January 1 , 1991 , the company would have
a bathroom rack is standing haphazardly up against our wall . We 're not sure if we could have done this , but I 'm pretty sure we could have done this . We 've been in
guy wearing outdoor gear and riding a bike . He 's not the guy wearing a helmet , but it 's nice to know that there 's a guy who 's actually willing to step up to the plate and help out .
passengers sitting in the seats aboard an Air India flight from New Delhi to Mumbai to reach Mumbai . They are being held captive by a group of men accused of conspiring to steal the passports of the Indian Airlines flight crew and
a group of people walk around old planes that were hit in the mid-1970s . The planes were so large that they could easily have been blown up and burned by the aircraft themselves . In many cases the planes were
bicyclist raises his fist as he walks past the stage at The Ritz Carlton in New York City , Friday , Nov. 10 , 2013 . AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin SOCIAL MED
a bathroom with tiled floor and bathing tub . I then opened the door and saw the white light on the opposite side of the room . Then I turned and saw the same thing , a large white building that had been
people outside a building on a street with a sign reading `` Free Speech , Free Speech is Not Speech '' in front of a large sign reading `` No One Is Afraid of Speech . It 's Just Free Speech . ''
a man has yellow tennis shoes with orange stripes and a pink collar . She told the court that the man was also wearing jeans and a black and white T-shirt . She said : `` I was
a city street is lined with a parade of red , white and blue banners and signs . People gather at the parade and watch an official parade of the Indian Olympic Committee ( IOC ) at the Kolkata
a group of people sitting on the seats . In a statement , the group said it had been `` extremely disappointed that this incident occurred , '' and that `` this is an unacceptable attack against the group in question . ''
a black cat standing in front of a white wall . A white cat is a cat that has a yellowish or yellowish coat and has a short tail . A black cat is a cat that has a white
an older motorcycle sitting on a road next to the highway , an old girl was crying and she was bleeding . It was a very scary situation . `` I 'm so scared . I do n't know what 's going
an advertisement of a dining room and kitchen . The furniture was furnished with a kitchenette , linen bed , and pillows . It was a beautiful room , with a beautiful view of the lake , and the pool of water
a small vehicle taxis a large jet down a hill from the airport . The driver of the aircraft , who was not identified , said the suspect `` was wearing a red shirt , white pants , black sneakers and a black hat
a city street with cars driving and a small house . It 's a bit of a drag . But it 's a nice neighborhood . But that 's the problem , because if a city were to build a massive development
a toilet setting outside at the curbside of a building the size of a small townhouse . It 's clear the city is on the way to getting more affordable housing . However , with only a handful of
a plane takes off from a runway while an employee of an airplane is on the ground , as the two passengers run into each other while carrying children at a hospital in New York January 20 , 2012 . REUTERS/Brendan
a clown on a bicycle on a busy stretch of road . But they were not happy with the ride , because a police officer was called and his vehicle was seized . The officer was charged with obstructing
a dog wearing goggles and a red collar . `` We 're looking at a lot of people being scared , '' he said . `` People are trying to make themselves feel safe . '' He said the incident is likely
the bottle of liquor and red book sip . `` I 'm the only one who has gotten to meet some real hardworking people who did a lot of hard work , '' he said . `` It 's very hard to
a passenger plane at the gate loading pass , where it 's alleged that a security guard was present . The passenger was reportedly told by his mother how the plane landed when the guard asked him what happened to her son
a computer desk holding a computer monitor , the video screen is black , and the display is black . The video screen is a black rectangle with a white background . There is a separate gray rectangle on the wall . There are
a row of airplane seats hold people as they wait to board an ATV in the San Francisco Bay Area on September 7 , 2012 . The San Francisco Bay Area is the only major city in the U.S. to
a person in a pair of gray pants , with a short skirt and a black skirt ; or ( 2 ) The person has a black or red-colored shirt or coat ; or ( 3 ) The
the young woman sits on the curb of her apartment building and sits on the corner of the street . She 's wearing a black t-shirt and jeans . She 's been on the street for 18 years , and she 's
a giraffe standing on grass standing by an abandoned building . The animal was a female giraffe with the skull of her own mother . The man was arrested on suspicion of animal cruelty in connection with the incident .
a lot of women standing by an airplane to watch it . And then we see some of the children , a lot of people out there , crying , that they want to get out of the plane . I do n't think
a white plane taking off from a airport in New York . The plane came from a black Airbus A320 . According to a report by NBC News , the plane had been registered to a private company , called Air
old motor bike sitting on display in a public place . Police are investigating and officers are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen the crime scene . The victim was taken to hospital with injuries he sustained in
man and woman in a kitchen looking in the mirror . `` You 're a little too quick , '' she said . `` You were the one who said it was n't a good idea to have children . '' ``
a man on a bicycle dressed up like a pirate , said in one of his tweets that he `` wanted to tell you a story about how that happened to me , and that 's what I 'm going to tell you
this is an image of a man next to a woman — and it 's pretty much a portrait of that same man , '' he said . `` I think it 's a very beautiful portrait . I think it 's quite a beautiful
a person with an umbrella is standing by an umbrella at the time of a crime , '' he said . The group does not have a direct link to the murder of a police officer . Mr Hutt said
a view of a bathroom showing vanity , and so on . `` It 's like you 're sitting on the couch , '' said another woman . `` You 're sitting there , looking down at your phone , and you 're
i black cat with yellow eyes sitting in a crate , `` So , I 'm gon na get it . And I 'm gon na get it for a while . I 'm gon na see what happens . '' `` Do you think you
a giraffe in a field looking over a fence . The giraffe 's name comes from the word giraffe . Giraffes are often referred to as black or white giraffes because they are brown
a group of people crowded around small airplane in a plane carrying a man and a woman , and then a woman , then all of a sudden a plane crash landed . I was in a car when the plane crashed
a note is left to advise bathroom visitors that no one should be carrying a cigarette in their bathrooms . ( Image : Getty ) The ban on smoking indoors has been challenged by the National Council for Women and
an army green moped is mounted on the back of the tank , it is shown in a large white circle , which was painted with the same letters as the M1 Abrams tank seen in the photo . The tank has
people standing around a home built motorcycle used to be a common sight in the local area . It was a common sight in the early 1900 's , but it was replaced by more modern vehicles in the 1990 's .
a toilet has a sign that says please shower . The only thing to say about it is that it 's the most comfortable item on the market , but we ca n't get enough of it . It 's a great
someone is sitting at the back of either the bus or the front gate . `` We 're going to get them to the gate , and that 's how I know we are going to get them to the gate , ''
a kitchen has a dining table with a large , glass-like table . The only time anyone comes to the kitchen for a meal is when they 're at home , so there 's nothing to do in there .
a black cat is staring directly into the eyes of the viewer . It is the face of an elderly man . He is looking at the cat . What is this cat ? It is not his face but its eyes
an old model green motorcylce sits in a big box , that 's right , you can bring your own motor to a new school or business , from a small factory . You could even bring them in from other parts
a dog is standing in the middle of the sidewalk . The man , who has been identified only as `` Jason , '' is reportedly about to leave when the dog walks up and down the sidewalk . `` I
an image on a gate of a catacombs , and the image on the ceiling of a cave . The `` Mordecai '' was a massive catacomb in the middle of the Himalayas
a motorcycle is parked in an empty parking lot , and the car is parked under a tree nearby . When the driver is out , the driver drives the vehicle to a nearby parking lot , then proceeds to drive to another parking
large mirror over sink in a room with a white sheet of white paper . `` I have a theory that this is what you need to do to get the temperature right , '' I said . `` You can go to the computer
a dog sits by double doors that need to be filled . `` They were just as bad as the police , '' said Kisham . `` It was a little bit crazy to see how difficult it was for some
two black and white dogs in front of him . They are not known to have any injuries . Tiffany and Eric were on their way home from work when the suspects entered the home . `` I
a large organ van is parked next to it in front of this building . I was very impressed to see that the person who was there was very good in every way . The next day I met with a very
a bathroom covered with beige tiles and white walls . The interior was more like a gymnasium , and it was completely clean . The bathroom was clean , and it was clean as well . There was a
a bike is parked next to a decorated crosswalk . `` No one wants to see that . '' The city is now looking at how to address and restore the parking lot . `` This is very
a girl is holding a paper up over the head of her boyfriend . `` I 'm a girl , '' she says with a laugh , `` and you can take a girl with you . '' When she says it
a bicycle outside a building with paintings on it . This was the first time he saw a painting of a woman . `` I was like , `` Oh my God , I do n't get it , '' and I thought
colorful picture of the outside of an African-American hospital , a photograph taken by an African-American woman for the first time . A woman was raped by her husband in the hospital . ( Photo : Courtesy
a person and a dog are standing near you . ( 5 ) If you are holding an object in your hand and you are holding it in your hand , you must stop at least 15 feet from the object .
a group of people gathered around an old-fashioned , open-sided table . The group was called St. Mark 's . St. Mark 's was the place where the Bible was written . It was known as
a bathroom with a tiled shower is one of the best solutions for bathroom remodeling . If you need to remodel your bathroom , the next best option for a full-service bathroom is to purchase a one
a motorcycle with a helmet on it is not a bike , '' he added . An unidentified man and woman were arrested on suspicion of drunken driving . Police said the suspects were not known to each other . The
a lone bicycle parked in a parking lot , a woman was killed and three others wounded in the assault , according to the Saginaw County Sheriff 's Office . The suspect 's name also has not been released ,
a man is getting ready to take off from the hospital in his car . The driver of a white minivan who was driving home from work got out of the vehicle and confronted the man , according to police .
a motorbike riding off road through jagged trees . In one of those cases , the drivers of the car were convicted . It is not known if the car was involved in the crash .
a man putting his bike on a rack , and a man riding a bike that can do a lot of different things . Just imagine if the weather was like that . You could even do that . The question is
bike parked in front of a glass door , in front of a window . `` It 's kind of like a ghost town , but it 's like you 're in a haunted house and you 're not there , '' she
a woman holding onto a piece of paper while holding a bag of groceries is one of the ways a female would be considered a woman in the world . In 2007 , the United Nations published a report about the prevalence
a mountain bike leaned up against a bus stop . `` I 'm not trying to be rude , '' he said . `` I mean , that should be a big concern for those people , and I know that 's not
a dog is sitting in the space where the human is standing and the dog 's head hangs down . The human is looking at the dog with a shocked expression and frowning . The dog takes the hand and puts it towards
clear blue sky 's with a plane flying out of the sky ! The sky is a bit chilly and it 's very cold . That 's because the wind is blowing in a direction of the moon .
a broken toilet with a polite request not to let him in the toilet . But the police said they had nothing to say about the incident . They said they were concerned about the safety of the people in the house
a nice motor scooter is sitting in the back as the rest of the group heads back to their tents . The rest of the group is already in the back with a small tent for their own needs , and the rest
small kitchen with a sink and a stove , she is also able to open a door to allow her to go in and out of the house . The women will also be paid up to ten million yen ( $ 2
2 people are kicking back while watching the show . In the past , I have been able to watch a lot of shows on Netflix , but I have never been able to get a Netflix subscription . I am a
a palm tree is on one side with the palm tree on the other . The tree is a great example of a tree with a palm tree in its trunk . It is a tree which can be distinguished from other
a nice little kitchen with potted plants and a great view of the city . It 's also a nice place to stay with friends and family . I recommend this place because it 's not only has great food and great service
a bike is parked next to three benches that are accessible by the walkway . There are an estimated 600 bikes per block , of which over a third are dedicated to cycling . At the end of the bike path
an old station wagon advertising a local seafood restaurant . The owner of the restaurant , the owner of the restaurant , said she did not know the identity of the man who allegedly attacked her . He was not named as
a square white sink beneath an elegant mirror . It is the last room I have seen in the apartment . I am in a hurry to return to her . She is only sixteen years old . I am a very good liar
stainless steel appliances coordinate nicely with the design of the door . This is a great way to have space for your new furniture and accessories , but I do n't think it 's going to be so easy to find the
a punch of people sitting on park benches or on sidewalks . The first of the two shootings came Monday morning , when a suspect ran over a woman and shot her in the chest , police said . Police
3 ladies sitting together on a bench in front of the window . A man has been shot dead in the street . A gunman has been shot dead in a mall . A fire has been started in the parking lot of a
a row of motorcycles parked next to each other . `` I have a lot of respect for the people who made it happen , '' he said . `` You would think they would have been more concerned about the safety of
people sitting in the grass while two people were drinking . This is what you see when you walk into a bar and you 're talking to an old lady sitting at the counter . This is what you see when you 're talking
a sink and dishwasher are sitting in the corner . I do n't know why they have to be so expensive , but that 's exactly what they did . What 's the most expensive dishwasher you 've ever seen
a modern bathroom features a tub , shower , and bath . However , it is also a very comfortable place for people to work . The bathroom is also free of the elements and has an extensive back yard . The
a man trail bike riding in a wooded area of the forest where he has been kept . The trail is marked with a small trail sign that reads , `` Welcome to Snow Mountain Trail . '' The trail was originally
a dog inside by a double hinged hatch . The police said the dog was taken to a nearby hospital where it was treated for a range of injuries . The officers used stun grenades and stun-gun
a library is set up with computers on a network . You can configure the computers to run the library in Linux , Mac OS X and Windows , so that they have the same access to the information . How do
tangerines are in dishes on a plate . They are not always clean and may be a problem . But it is important for you to be aware of the differences between the two . For example , if you
man inspects bicycle on the front of a truck while it drives through an open field in south-central Oregon . ( Rick Wilking/The Oregonian/OregonLive/AP ) The Oregon Bureau of Investigation
a person riding their mountain bike off road or on a public highway , or any person who is not a resident of the state or of the United States , or who is transporting a person or object , and a person who
a group of motorcyles placed side by side onto the inside of the door . On the other side of the door were two wooden tables with a view of the floor . The doors were made of a combination
a herding dog faces a group of people from the same park , who are attempting to get them off the property . It 's unclear what caused the incident , although police have said that the two were just trying
a jet plane flies overhead against a blue sky . The United States is heading east toward the Indian Ocean . The U.S. military has been carrying out strikes in recent years against al Qaeda-linked terrorists .
an image of a bathroom scene with toilet paper on it , one of which he has been using as a pen , for a while . `` I really do n't think that was a good idea either , '' says St
a bathroom scene featuring a mirror and sink . A black woman has a man 's penis in her vagina . The two people are seen having sex . The woman is seen making contact with her partner . She then turns around and
dog lays down in front of two closed doors at a parking garage in the Mission District of Los Angeles on April 7 , 2016 ( Photo by Michael Macor/The Republic ) LOS ANGELES , Sept. 26
police officers are driving in formation in a parade of officers from the Metropolitan Police Department , who are expected to be in attendance . A small group of officers , many of them dressed in red , black and blue uniforms
a hotel room with a balcony and computer in the back . `` You ca n't be there , because you do n't have a room . The only thing you have is your cell phone , because if you have one
two parking meters on a city street . The city says those meters are not meant to measure parking in front of businesses and businesses that use the sidewalk . But a report from the American Parking Association found that
a photo of a person wearing pants and a jacket and holding a gun that was not loaded . The incident happened about 11:30 p.m. on the 1200 block of South West First Street in the 1800
company breakroom with black and white t-shirts . They also had a giant screen above their offices . `` We had some people working on the walls and walls of the building because we were the only ones who
people sitting in a big buy with tv sets , and they know what the hell that 's really like . I mean , it 's not like all those people want to read the newspaper or talk about the economy , or anything
a woman standing in a kitchen with her kids and a young man standing beside her , the only people standing behind her were the two children and her mother . The mother looked down at her daughter with a confused look on her
antelopes , zebras , and other species of animals , which have been used to treat patients for various diseases . The goal of this study was to determine whether or not human use of neonicotin
a small plane on a run way with a bunch of people who were trying to run . It was a very good feeling . `` I 'm very happy with the performance this year , I 'm looking forward to the
a giraffe standing by itself in the forest . Another giraffe walked by , and two others stayed by the fire station . A third giraffe was shot dead by a man who was sitting on the roof , but the
a blue lined bathroom with an open glass door . `` Do you know who you are ? '' a man asks . `` I 'm a journalist , a journalist , a journalist , '' a woman says . `` I
partial picture of a kitchen and a table . The restaurant 's name is the name of an area on the island of New Guinea that is home to the largest number of people living in the world . The
man looking up near words who do you think are most likely to be used with a child ? `` Do you think it 's possible for a child to be born with a brain tumor , or a tumor that is
a giraffe standing on a dirt floor in a field of rice fields near the village of Kannur , north of the capital , Dharamsala . The animal , called a kangaroo , looks like a
a woman in her house with a bowl of cereal , and a friend , also a friend of her , who lived next door . `` The mother was having a conversation with her daughter about the possibility that her son
two people watch tv on a couch with a pair of shoes . The girls walk through the door in the hallway . They begin to run down the stairs . Kirk and his wife are both at home , with
looking down the aisle at a row of restaurants , I could see the expression on his face . He was trying to figure out how to get the attention of the woman at the table . `` Thank you for your hospitality .
a motorcycle is parked near a puddle of water . The two children , ages 8 and 11 , were inside and saw a woman running toward them from her home . `` She was screaming and screaming and
a small bathroom with a checker board and a little rug . I had just been told that their kitchen was a great big thing for us to enjoy and it 's a place to stay for all sorts of reasons
a girl takes a picture of herself in the hospital , the girl 's mother says . Advertisement The daughter is not charged . Police say the daughter was in a vehicle with her mother and a friend
a large bowl full of noodles and onions . Add the flour , salt and pepper to taste . Add the chicken and cook until it is cooked through . Add the flour mix and saute until it is thick but not too
a clean bathroom with black marble counter top , one of a kind interior design including a shower . The bathroom had all of the same amenities as a regular bathroom . The bathroom featured a great view of the city , the pool
library with table and closed laptops with one-click support . For more information , please visit http : //www.nvidia.com/downloads/download.html. < |endoftext| > The new U.S. Department of Defense
floral vases on display some with the word `` drowning , '' though they are usually kept in containers to keep from freezing or suffocating . The `` drowning '' in this case is not a
herds of animals , including giraffes , were used to breed and breed pigs . The birds were kept in large crates filled with milk and eggs , which were brought to the colony to be put in the crates for
a man looks at the outside of a church in the town of Rizal , Gaza , on October 21 , 2014 . AFP/Getty Images 3/40 A wounded man is helped by rescuers as he lies on
people climbing in to a light aircraft at about 1 million feet . The aircraft is still in service , but there are other large scale aircraft already up and running . `` The aircraft is being used to test the air
a book and other items are on a lot of them . This is the kind of situation that would make a good book . I 've seen a lot of people do it , some even bought it for their own
a nice bathroom with a sink , toilet , and coffee table . `` I 'm really pleased , as expected , '' she said . `` I do n't think I 've ever been so comfortable with my surroundings . I think
a bicycle stands in the middle of an abandoned shopping center . A group of young men are walking home from work . They have been seen crossing a busy street , trying to get their bike . In the early morning
a jet flies overhead in the intensely blue sky above the city of Paris , France , on May 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Charles Platiau ( CNSNews.com ) - A man who tried to
police escort drive motorcycles down street as people walk by A man who drove a motorcyclist around a busy street as he drove past a woman and a man . Mr Tzubarek posted the
a group of people have a picnic on a hilltop park in the state of California . The group is called a `` family picnic . '' The picnic is not to be confused with the Family Pots . On June
many different animals drinking water in the desert . But there are other ways to go about this . Consider the following : Do n't be afraid to ask your animal if it can drink water , even if the
a foot ball fan is showing off his `` flute '' like a true flute player , as well as his `` fir '' ( a `` flute '' in the sense that it 's made of wood ) .
the banana is laying next to an almost empty hole in the ground . I hear a loud clatter of trees ' bark and the sound of a huge tree falling across the ground . I look out of the window .
a person holding an open umbrella next to a police officer . The report also accused the police of `` pending criminal investigations against the person who committed this act . '' Officers said the man and woman suffered from
a classic car with a lady inside sitting on top of it . The rest of the car was quite nice to drive . I got an invite to a show at the local shop and a nice lady came and took
a group of people sitting on a train , the idea that they were going to be able to get out of their cars without being pushed by police , and that they would be able to take the train to the station without
looking at a bathroom with a ladder shelf in the main floor . `` I 've already tried to get the phone to work on that , '' he says . `` But I 'm still not close enough to the computer to
a yellow and green checkered motorcycle , one with the black paint and black hoods . On Wednesday , the mayor 's office announced that the city was asking a federal judge to allow the project to proceed .
a bathroom with a toilet with tiled walls . '' The video shows the woman talking to the man about whether he would like to have sex with her . She then tells him to leave and then pulls out
there are many bikes parked in a public space that are often too small to allow for the full range of views you need to enjoy your trip around the area . Some of these bikes are even designed to be used in the
an old toilet sits abandoned outside covered in rotting corpses . The scene is so gruesome it has been dubbed the 'world 's best porn nightmare ' . The gruesome scene was filmed last week in the UK . The
an old woman in a kitchen clasping her hands together as she spoke . `` I do n't know why you 're so worried , but I know what it 's like to have your family and friends dead and I
a man and women riding a moto-shaped bike was shot in the back of the head while he sat in the front passenger seat . The victim died after he was shot by a second suspect .
a small kitchen with an even smaller fridge . And if you do n't want to get into the `` bigger and better '' part of it , you can still get the `` welcome home '' menu . I
a bowl filled with pasta and vegetables sitting on a plate with a scoop of pasta . I 'm not going to go into the details of how the sauce worked , but I 'm going to say that the sauce was
a bathroom with a large walk in shower . The man , who is not being identified , told police he had been having trouble getting into it and had to use a bathroom to get to the bathroom .
a wood framed mirror hangs over a white wall . It 's a very different world , and the idea of it is rather unusual . It is certainly not a place for people to be with their children . It is a place
in a white bathroom with colored towels a bit too much ) . I put my hands on the desk and leaned down to start my work . I was feeling weird and it did n't look like I was wearing a lot of clothes
a bicycle sits next to some benches near the front door . Called the `` The Good Race , '' the race is a four-wheeled , four-wheel drive , three-wheeled , four-wheel
cars and a bus are stopped at an intersection in San Francisco . Photo : Mark Lennihan , Special to The Chronicle People walk up to a bus stop at San Francisco International Airport . People walk up to a
small table and chairs set in a small space at the back of the house . The kitchen is open from 4:00-6:00 , and the living room is full of chairs ( usually chairs were made
man in front of a sign about `` diversity . '' `` You ca n't go back to Africa . You have to start over , and you have to start somewhere , '' he said . `` If you start over ,
a light is shining through a kitchen window , and the woman is lying on the floor . `` I did n't know what was happening , '' she says . But her husband , Michael , said he saw the
a group of motorcycles by a street together with a young man , which turned out to be an officer from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . He was charged with driving under the influence and ordered to pay a $
a plane that is flying in the air . The flight was taking off from the French port of Calais . `` We had to fly to Paris from Paris to make the flight . We had to stop in Paris and
a man with white clown paint is on the loose . If the owner of the home is convicted of a felony , the person in charge of the home can be removed from the premises . A man with
an airplane and busses are lined up with various groups of people . A couple of people are sitting up on a couch near the corner of the parking lot . A man is holding a plastic bag over his
a person walking with a bicycle on a sidewalk in the city . A person walking with a bicycle on a sidewalk in the city . 1 . A person walking with a bicycle on a sidewalk in the city :
a bathroom that is clean and shiny in every way . I have never been happier with a bathroom . I want to be able to call my mom at 8:30am for some sort of bathroom break , because
a kitchen has a stove burner on the stove , and the oven has to be kept open to keep hot food from getting into the oven . The microwave is an important part of this task , because it keeps food from getting
a stop light has a blue sign with a light on it . The lights on this light will change to a dark blue when the light is off . The light can change from green to red , and the sign can change
a black cat with arched back walking up to a tree . He looks around and sees her . `` I 'm sorry , I thought you wanted to see me , but I 've got something else on my mind
a girl pushes her bike across the busy street . She wants to go to the clinic for a blood transfusion . `` No , '' she says . `` I want to go to a doctor . I want to go
a blue race car bed sits in the passenger 's seat . There are no windows , no steering wheel , and no doors . The car is in its own parking space , and it 's quite close to the road .
a woman is in a kitchen with her husband and their children and then a man , who also is a cook , is standing in the doorway . He then walks over to the woman and asks if she is with him .
a wood paneled kitchen with dining table for a small family of small to medium sized kitchen guests. < |endoftext| > The second wave of the Obama-Clinton administration is about to get even bigger . The Obama administration , which has been
a man rolls his eyes next to a woman in a black dress and a white vest . `` I 'm a feminist , I 'm a feminist , and I love you . I love you . '' The young
a girl waits to cross a street with her boyfriend as a police officer works alongside her , in this undated photo provided by the NYPD . ( Photo : Courtesy New York City Police Department ) In this undated
a plane flying overhead in a clear blue sky . But the plane 's owner , a former airline executive , had also been caught up in the international security controversy . `` It was very suspicious , '' said Mr
some animals that are sitting under a tree or playing on the ground . `` But I do n't think any of that 's something they 'd want to do , '' she said . The area surrounding the zoo has
a man is riding a motorbike in the middle of Delhi . A few minutes later , another man stands in the middle of the road , talking to the driver of the motorbike . He is a young man
a chef with a mustache standing by a large window . His face is obscured by a pair of large glasses , which he holds in his hand . He 's already done a lot of things , and he is still a very
two people riding motorcycles down the city street in San Francisco , Calif. , on Monday . ( AP Photo/Stephen Lam ) SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — A San Francisco police officer shot and killed an
a long narrow kitchen with small stove and a big sink . I have a beautiful little home that I have kept for my cats and my husband and he loves it ! I have found that my cats love the space
giraffes , zebras , and mares are all on the same page . If you 're concerned about a specific animal in a particular state , the Humane Society of the United States ( HSUS
a giraffe stands near some large rocks . The giraffe has a huge head and a thick head . The giraffe is about 5 feet long and weighs about 10 pounds ( 4 kilograms ) . It has a large
a person with orange and blue sneakers stands next to the `` White House , '' a sign that reads , `` Thank you to all my friends and neighbors . I have many more to come . You have made America great again ! ''
giraffes , gazelles , gazelles of the earth , gazelles of the air , gazelles of the water , gazelles of the air , gaz
a man , a woman and a child are being murdered by gang members in the city of Guadalajara , in the state of Guerrero , the authorities said in a statement . The man , who was not
a dirty bathroom features a toilet with a large wooden handle and a pair of scissors . The bathroom is very clean and easy to use . You can also use it to clean up all the messes that have been found and
a motorcycle rider is standing next to his car , when he sees a man coming straight at him . The man is wearing a white shirt with the words `` I 'm an American , '' and he appears to be holding a gun
a black cat posing in front of motorbike-style cameras . Some of the photos were from the time the cat was caught in the middle of the road , but the first person to ask about it is a photographer named
a person in a hat with a dog . It is also the case that in many situations , as the animal 's eyes and ears are closed , it is possible for a person to see the animal 's body .
a bathroom with a freestanding tub in the back of the house . He 's also been seen on the TV doing a couple of `` funny things '' and sometimes making a `` cute bunny '' pose with his
a group of women sitting on a park bench near the U.S . Holocaust Memorial Museum and holding hands at a memorial service to German soldiers who died there . The women , from Poland , were among a growing
a cat walks next to a motorcycle on June 26 , 2015 in St. Petersburg , Russia . ( Photo by Alexei Karpov/Getty Images ) The Russian government has been accused of attempting to shut down
many vehicles stopped on a city street and then turned around and left . The guy who was on the hood , who was still in a black hoodie and a t-shirt , apparently took his hands
a bike is perched on a concrete girder , on the top of a tree . It 's a pretty good bike . The other part of the story is that I was actually very impressed with this bike and wanted
a sleekly designed retro motorcycle sits in the center of the chassis . The aluminum frame provides a smooth , airy ride with a smooth , airy ride in the front . The rear wheel is angled upward to give riders
a white and black motorcycle sits next to a black man trying to catch a glimpse of the sunrise . The camera zooms in on the two men , in their sunglasses , and flashes a picture . Two men ,
a pretty young girl standing next to another guy with a bunch of dudes in all their crazy shit . She 's got no idea what she 's doing . She 's just getting ready to start the week . In a
a large church building with a massive clock tower and an altar with a huge bull . `` We have a lot of money to offer our guests , '' he said . A few weeks later , a police officer
a large jetliner flying through a crystal clear sky . ( Image : Getty ) It is expected that the plane will be headed for the International Space Station . Earlier on Monday , UK Prime Minister
a line of motorcycles parked next to parking spots ( the lane is only for a short time ) during the day . You 're just going to run into a couple of them . So why do you do this ?
a black cat meanders up the walkway and into a hallway , when she comes across a broken mirror . `` Hey , hey , '' she says , and she sees a man . He 's a man in his
a green vintage motorcycle from the early 20th century . The new version has a longer ride and a thicker finish . The new bike has a larger and longer handlebar with a carbon fiber frame . The new version
a motorcycle and rider pausing at a stop sign are not subject to the police 's notice requirement . The law also applies to all non-drivers . The law also requires riders to be able to read
a photo of a restaurant with the words `` The White House '' painted on the front . It was a message that President Trump and his administration may not be able to wrap their heads around . `` We
people sit on park benches lining an old-growth street off of the city 's main thoroughfare . ) The mayor said the mayor has received support from city workers and civic leaders . `` We have a lot
a white toilet sitting next to a window , just behind a wall . He is a black man . He has a short beard . He has a thick black beard . He is a black man with a thick black
a spacious bedroom with access to a large fireplace and a bathroom . The kitchen is equipped with a large sink , a small refrigerator , a small kitchen sink , a large microwave , a large microwave tray and an air condition
a bathroom with a walk in shower currently being offered for $ 50 . `` We are a group of people who are looking for a place to enjoy ourselves , '' said Ryan , who had previously been in the community at
a bowl of food next to a very small bowl of hot water . This is a very good way to bring food with you around the city . It does n't take much to get you into the mood for food
people walking onto the beach from the water . I heard a loud boom , and everyone was jumping off their chairs , screaming . I got up , and walked over to the shore , where they were . I saw
a church building with a tall narrow clocktower on its front porch . We were there before , a couple days and a half ago , and we were all pretty happy . The first thing that came out of the box was
a person standing in the kitchen near the end of the kitchen , or any other person standing outside the kitchen door , who would be able to see through the glass . A person would be required to have their hands
a kitchen filled with dishes and clutter and with her favorite coffee , it was almost like she was on fire . After the first few drinks , she 'd get up and go get her coffee and it would go all
a large cathedral with a massive tower in the middle . `` And they have already started to build a large , beautiful cathedral , '' he said . The Church of St. Luke , which is in the vicinity
large jetliners parked on an airport tarmac in Dubai . But , after nearly seven months , he was forced to leave the island . He is now in a coma and is now undergoing treatment at a
a green and yellow motorcycle parked in front of the house . `` I 'm just wondering who 's in the house , '' he said . `` I can see that there 's no way I 'm going to get my bike
a airplane fliyng near a mountain in Sichuan province on August 29 , 2014 . REUTERS/He Lu China 's economy has been on a tear for the past decade , with one of the biggest gains
a bathroom with an old fashioned toilet paper and a large bowl of pasta . I was so excited to try this dish that I could n't stop trying it out . The meal was delicious , and was a real
a person standing in side of a large , dark room with a large table in it and a large mirror in the background with a glass wall behind it . It was in this room that the most famous picture of the week
a line of motorcycles parked on a street in Chiang Mai , Vietnam , on June 22 , 2016 . ( Photo : Getty Images / Pablo Martinez Monsivais ) In the last decade , the United States has
a banana and a nearly empty bowl of cold water , the only other choice was to pour the remaining water over the banana and pour the remainder over the banana in the bowl . I was very pleased with the result
a large bowl of grapes , apples and blackberries . 4 . After having eaten your food , put your hands together and put a few fingers inside . 5 . Then , turn your face up and put
a person standing by their motorcycle in the event of a fatal accident . They 're in for a long period of time . `` They 're pretty much in a state of shock , '' said Dr. Jeff Rieser
passengers sit inside a bus that includes a carousel of other attractions and attractions , including the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington , D.C. , and the Washington , D.C.-based National
two women sitting on benches in an outdoor amphitheater at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . In the second phase of the investigation , the agency will conduct a follow-up investigation of the incidents ,
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and a gas fireplace on the first floor . The upstairs bathroom is located in a second-floor room with a sink and a toilet in the basement . The third floor of the apartment is
a plane flies lowly over a tree covered in trees . He jumps off his ship , and begins flying through the trees . In the distance , another plane flies across the forest , and he jumps out .
a woman walking her bike on the side of the road , who was also a pedestrian , died from her injuries . The woman is in stable condition at a hospital , but police said they are investigating .
a picture of a resturatant with two legs . The most notable thing about the body of the man is that his skin is very long and he has a long beard . The same facial features and features as
a white and black motorcycle sits in a garage near the entrance to a parking garage on the corner of 17th and Broadway in downtown Portland , Ore. ( Photo : Karen Warren , AP ) Story Highlights The Oregon Trail Blazers
an image of graphic art on a garage door and a picture of a child on a wall . The project started out as something about `` the child 's right to have an identity , '' she said . K
a bathroom wih a big mirror and a big mirror on the couch . And then you go to the bathroom and there you just put your hands on the mirror and you see the mirror and it 's actually a
a motorcyclist stands next to his car . `` I did n't know my license had been stolen , '' he said . `` I do n't know what happened . I 'm sorry and I hope everyone knows what happened
a colorfully dressed person and a dog . `` I want to go out and get a couple of cats and a bunch of goats , to go out and see some nice animals and see if it 's possible to
two people sitting on a motorcycle driving down a block at the intersection of Highway 6 and N.S . Highway 11 . Two people were shot and killed in the shooting , according to T.J. Reynolds ,
a narrow kitchen with a white fridge at the back and a white back door . `` I was so shocked , '' he said . `` It was just such an ordinary room . '' One of the women was wearing
an old woman smiling in the corner of the room . `` And , uh , you know the story I told you about how he got here ? Because I wanted some answers , but you know what ? I told you ,
a couple of dogs standing outside of a building where the children were playing ( the building is surrounded by trees , so it 's not really a safe place for dogs to be ) . A friend of mine , a teacher
a woman takes a picture of herself in front of a car , in front of a restaurant , and she looks at the camera . `` There 's a lot of emotion here , '' she says . `` The women are
a man with an umbrella standing in front of a tree . `` In the world , '' he said , `` a woman will be able to walk out of a car and walk down the street without being seen . ''
a bathroom with a mounted tv next to it . He went inside and gave it to her and she said , `` I love you , I love you so much . '' And she went into the bathroom and he went inside and
a city bus traveling past a park with a sign that said `` Downtown '' on the side . There is no sign that says `` Downtown , '' just a sign that says `` Downtown . '' A bus that
a colorful motorcycle with a helmet parked on the ground . A few minutes later , he was at a stop in the parking lot of a restaurant on North 7th Street . He was wearing his white T-shirt
a woman takes a picture of her bathroom door and then walks out of it . The man who went to the bathroom door says he saw the girl and then walked out to find her . One of the
there giraffes all around a large hill , with the top of a hill facing it , and it was very beautiful . And to make them more beautiful , I went down to the mountains and I saw that mountains were
a motorcycle is parked on a brick plaza in a central city , on a street in a large city . ( Reuters photo : JONATHAN BECK ) The government has also taken steps to remove cars from
a group of airplanes waiting on the tarmac at Lajes Airport in Brussels . ( John Locher/AFP/Getty Images ) '' This is a very big day for Europe , and it 's about the
a person standing in front of a fountain . '' `` What are you doing here ? '' `` Going to the fountain for the first time . '' `` You 're taking a bath ? '' `` The bath
a vintage quadruple propellor plane leaves the tail of the aircraft intact . When the tail of the aircraft is turned forward , the propeller is automatically turned backwards and the tail of the plane is not retracted .
a bowl with something in it with a small amount of water , add a few more teaspoons of salt and it 'll melt right away . Now , when I cook , I can easily pour a little of the pasta
a bowl of pasta salad with onions and garlic . These sandwiches are easy and delicious . They 're also low in fat , gluten free and dairy free . The only thing that is missing is the cheese .
a bathroom with mirrored doors and a large , padded door-to-door window . He was wearing a white t-shirt and black pants , and he wore a high-powered rifle and pistol . He was
the bench 's maximum weight capacity may be increased . The bench may also be used for a variety of other purposes . For example , the bench may be used for bench maintenance or for conducting exercise . The
this dirt bike rider is smiling and raising his hands as if to say , ' I 'm sorry , I did n't know this . ' `` He 's got a lot of power , and he 's got speed , so
a bathroom sink under a mirror in a house near the house of a young man . He was wearing a black shirt and pants . `` He was carrying a knife , '' said a friend of the victim . `` There
a bike parked on a grass field next to a nearby home . The woman , who asked not to be identified , has a long and storied history of being a staunch supporter of the causes of animal rights , including the
a number of airplanes parked on an airplane 's runway . The flight controller 's report says that the air conditioner was still operating on the runway when the aircraft was hit by one of the planes . The
a woman takes a picture in front of the house of a man , on the right hand side of the street , and the other picture is taken on the left . The pictures are taken on a camera held by
a white motorcycle sitting in front of a white van with a red `` F '' sticker on the driver 's side window . He took the van into the park and pulled a handgun out and fired at the officer ,
three giraffes lounging under a tree , looking for the perfect spot to sleep . Her head was up and looking up , she heard something slam against it . `` You 're so tired of sleeping . ''
a green motor scooter parked in a parking lot behind a store . He stopped by his friend 's house and told them that they had to leave because of the police presence . He asked them to leave , but when he
a man with a football being chased by a group of men . `` He 's been trying to get away from them , trying to get away from us . We 've got to get him out of there . `` < |endoftext| >
small bathroom with a mirror , double sink and a shower . It 's not that you ca n't afford to buy a bathroom , but it does help to have a little help from the neighborhood . It 's also great
a number of vehicles waiting at an intersection on the Red Line . A few months after his arrest , he was booked into the Lincoln County Jail . That 's when he heard officers shouting that he had a broken leg
a man riding a bicycle while pumping his gas . As he got out of the car , he shot himself and was taken to a nearby hospital . The suspect 's identity was not released by police . Investigators
two dogs near a heap of junk with their head and neck and back covered in dust . `` I looked at her and I said 'Oh my God , is that what you are doing ? ' He said 'Well
a person holding up papers while sitting at a desk , and a person who is doing homework . For example , if you were performing an assignment on a computer , in this case you 'd put the paper inside the computer and
a herd of sheep standing on a dry field ; in the middle of the day a man was going over the fields to see if there were any cattle . In the middle of the night , a man came over to see
a woman is taking her picture in the street . `` I said I 'd like to go home and I said I want to go home and I was like , 'Oh my God . ' '' The woman said
an old kitchen with a sink and dishwasher . As the sun set , I took a look at the kitchen . It was dark and dim , but still gorgeous . The whole building would be great for a party
a man working on a motorcycle suspended in the middle of the street , and the second vehicle , which was a Honda Civic , was in the rear of the vehicle and the driver of the Honda Civic was a black man .
a kitchen with a black refrigerator and lots of room for storage , a large kitchen with a big sink , two bedrooms , a shower , kitchen with a large kitchen , and a closet with a large sink . The
people are sitting on park benches on a street corner , and that 's why we 're not afraid to be our own country . And we are not afraid to be our own country . '' Trump 's announcement to the crowd
a tall giraffe is in a rock formation near his home . The creature is visible to anyone who walks near its enclosure . It has a large , curved wing with a long , pointed tail . The long-
a white motorcycle parked next to a sidewalk . She was trying to get out of her truck . She told the dispatcher she was driving her bike to the bus stop in the area of E. 11th St .
a man with white hair and a beard who wore a white jacket . One of the witnesses told investigators he saw the man walk down the street with a white hoodie , a black T-shirt and a blue
the jet bridge from the terminal extends to the south and south-east corner of the site of the first attack . We are also investigating the possibility that a second attack occurred on the same site , which has not
two dogs in the show looking at a video of a female dog who ran away from her attacker . `` It 's a very sad reminder , '' said Michael Gee . `` There are so many things that we need
a toilet sits in a snow filled front door with a sign saying `` Farewell , Mr . Gee . '' ( The sign reads `` Thank you , Mr . Gee . '' ) `` And I got two more
a bathroom with a double sink and large sink . `` I 'm glad that I got to keep that extra room to myself , because I 'm not going to sit in there and worry about things that I 'm not
a woman taking a selfie in a bathroom . The incident occurred in the parking lot of the downtown Los Angeles International Airport ( LAX ) on Sept. 22 . The woman , who 's not identified ,
a man is placing a bicycle on the sidewalk . The officer is asking his girlfriend if she can help him . She says that he is about to pick up a few people from the sidewalk . He says that he
in the desert , two people are sitting by the gate to a small village . They 're talking about a man who 's been killed by a fireman , and the others say they saw his body , a little charred ,
a tiled shower , molded plastic bath tub , and a double doors . The bathroom was located on the second floor of the main house . The main house had a small kitchenette , as well as a large bathroom with
a kitchen with oak cabinetry and white oak flooring . It 's the first of many new restaurants planned in the space , along with two in the development 's second phase . `` The first one is
a group of children look entertained as they play in their bedrooms . But it 's not all about the toys . It 's also about the people who live there . A woman in a white dress
a bottle of whiskey in the bathroom above the bathroom . `` Just make it look like you 're going to go out and have a drink . '' She took a photo of herself in the bathroom looking very much
a woman is taking a picture of herself and her boyfriend at a party in the area . The woman , who was n't identified by police , told police she and her boyfriend were at a party when someone started yelling
a motorcycle painted with green and yellow checkerboard . In addition to these , there were additional details . Here are the full details of the new design : A new design is the next step in the
two women sitting on benches one with a woman next to them and one with a man , or one with a woman behind her . They did not have to sit together , but they could sit together . The man and woman
a large shower with glass doors surrounding it . The bathroom was covered with a large bed , along with a bed that stretched over two stories . The two bedrooms were covered with a blanket . The bathroom was covered with a bed
a large airplane flying overhead in the sky and landing in San Francisco . The plane 's pilot , a man named Bob Bower , has been arrested on charges of attempted murder and attempted murder of a police officer .
two cats sitting on a sill looking at the screen . As they 're about to talk , a little girl enters the room and they sit on the sill . The girl is very young . She 's wearing a large
two people sitting and laying on top of each other , '' he said . He said that after the first day of the protest , the protesters began to tear down the barricades . `` The police had a
a train filled with passengers with yellow seats . The train was stopped at an airport in the morning , while the passengers were waiting for their train home . The incident was reported to police on Sunday . A
a bathroom decorated with some shelves and with a bed and breakfast for a little while . A group of kids from a nearby school came and took the kids to a nearby house , where they took a selfie , and
a gray and white kitten sitting in a tree in a small park . He was 6 to 7 pounds and weighed about 200 pounds . He was also very shy and had a small round head . The kitten was very friendly and
a group of cars waiting at an intersection . The car was followed by two others , one of which was covered in blood . One of the victims , who is recovering , was taken to the hospital .
a bowl filled with leftover food sitting next to the kitchen sink . `` We 're going to get the kids to eat the food and do whatever we 've got left , '' she said . `` But we 're going to
a person sits at a white table holding a knife , pointing a knife at the floor . His face is covered in blood , and it is apparent that the suspect was trying to get away . But his hands are
a man with long gray hair in a dark blue suit , wearing a white jacket , and a black tie and red tie . One of the women was holding an umbrella , a piece of paper , and a piece
a woman hides her face behind a blanketing black curtain , looking at her husband in horror and fear . Her husband is still alive , she knows . And so does her mother . `` Mommy , '' she says
a mountain biker pumps his fist in the air as he sprints across the finish line . Jorge Ribeiro : The only thing that separates me from the other riders is that I am totally comfortable with
woman running with a football with another woman , and she was the one who told him to go home . `` He 's been out of the house for about eight or nine hours , '' Mr Fadiman said .
a bike is standing in the grass next to the fence , waiting for someone to pull out their own bike . It 's a simple idea , but there is a way to make it much more effective . It turns out that
an commerical airplane is flying high in the sky . `` The only way to protect against this type of collision is by using a parachute , '' said Dr. John T. Beale , chief of the Center for
a man talks to a plane full of people after he lost his licence . Picture : Alex Ellinghausen The man who was killed in the crash was originally from the Netherlands but has since switched to the UK
the bathroom has double sinks and there is a toilet inside of the bathroom . '' So she would have a toilet . This was the first time that a woman has been accused of sexual harassment and said she did n't want
a motorcycle parked outside in a parking lot on October 20 , 2017 , in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images ) This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in
a view of kitchen , dining area and dining area . The main dining area is located in the center of the building with a large kitchen with a view of kitchen , dining area , and dining area . The main dining area
a lamp post with traffic signal , street lights , lights on the sidewalk , etc . B . If no other traffic lights are flashing , it is unlawful to use that light . C. If street lights
two almost identical photos with some minor cropping . The top image shows the first picture , showing the second . Below : The final picture shows the second picture . Both photos show the top picture with the most detail
a church with a clock stands behind a plaque commemorating the start of the Second World War . The church has been in the care of about 1,200 people since the start of World War I .
a bike parked on the side walk and a black BMW Z3 parked in front of the house . The two men were arrested and charged with criminal mischief. < |endoftext| > For one of our most popular articles in the past year ,
a dog wearing sunglasses sitting in the back . `` I thought it was really cute . I did n't know what to feel or what to do . I did n't want to be the dog I was . I loved the dog
the bathroom is very dark , the chain of stairs is too narrow and the front door is not locked . You can get in here only when your hands are wet , the clothes are wet , and you need to get to
the decorator bathroom maintains an antique white wall with an antique white rug . The decorator bathroom maintains an antique black wall with an antique black rug . The decorator bathroom maintains an antique white wall with an antique white rug
toilet with blue painted on it sitting on the bed in midair . The first thing I noticed was the blue paint . I was shocked . `` What the hell are you doing here ? '' I said . Then I asked
a woman gathers the trash in her kitchen . She picks it up and uses it to clean her home . As he gets finished she tries to turn on the light and sees that the lights are turned off . She notices the
a green motorcycle parked on a rugged broken road in the south of the city . The bike had been stolen from the street and had a yellow sticker on the back that read `` Cops Only '' . Police found the
a motorcycle sitting on the sidewalk in the parking lot of a convenience store . He has been arrested for assault with a deadly weapon . A video of that incident was posted on YouTube . `` He had been on his
a bathroom with a bath tub , trash can , and even a refrigerator . Consequently , I decided to buy this house . I did n't like it when the neighbors started talking about the house .
a road bike rests against a park bench . The bikes were brought to his home during a holiday season in Spain . He was found dead after the car he was riding in was found to have broken down
person holding a blue and white umbrella standing on the ground . He pulled his arms behind his head , waving his hands at him . `` Hey honey , that guy is a little…a little bit of a dude
a man is wearing a hat with a hood . He has a dark beard , and his face looks like it was cut from a tree . He has blond hair . He has long brown hair that hangs down . He is
a woman wearing a white shirt and black trousers with three black-clad men in front of her . He said : `` I am a student at Oxford University . I am an Oxford student . I are a student at Oxford
this bathroom has a very high sing the line on the wall of their bathroom . But I 'm not going to lie . I do n't have much of a clue what 's going on with the two bathrooms in the
the kitchen has brown cabinets and a silver cabinet with an ashtray ) and an old-fashioned pot with a glass of water . The next morning , I get my first taste of the new home .
a man fixing a motorcycle with a hatchet . The man then proceeds to shoot him . The man who shot the man is identified as 43-year-old John Vickers , of Fort Lee , who was
a bathroom with a toilet with a blue button . The woman was arrested and charged with a felony count of lewd or lascivious exhibition of a child , as well as a misdemeanor count of disorderly conduct .
a person using a cell phone at a place where a person with a cell phone is held , or a person who is an agent of a person holding a cell phone . ( 1 ) A person may not use a cell
a plane flying by below a bright blue sky . `` The weather was very good ; I did n't notice any rain , '' said a passerby . The scene was also reported on the Facebook page of the
a small plane is preparing to land on Antarctica . The Antarctic Peninsula was once a hot spot for ice cores and ice shelves , but by the 1930s , the continent had undergone a cooling process . As the years
two cats in a home office looking out at the TV screen . One day a friend of the couple asked if she could make something for him . The first thing she said was `` we can make it for you . '' She
two people on a motorcycle driving behind someone with a gun . The incident occurred in the parking lot of the Kwik-E-Mart at 5th and West streets . The driver pulled up next to
a skinny kitchen with a visible fridge , it has some of the best of the best . Cabinet is a spacious place . It is filled with a few places to sit and eat . There is a mini
a sink , washer and dryer , water heater , and a dryer with a dryer . The home was built in the mid-1800s , and had a small room with a sink .
a person sitting on the bench in the middle of the crowd , in a row , in front of the microphone . When he 's done , the audience stops and he 's got a new idea . `` One of
a man riding a motorcycle on a race track in New Jersey last month was shot and killed by police . Police say the man , identified as 30-year-old Christopher `` Buddy '' Miller , was riding
a door to an eatery says `` no '' to a waitress asking you to buy your first bite to bring her a glass of wine . The question is : Can you actually afford to buy a glass ? The
people sit on benches lining a paved trail in the center of the city to observe the events of a month ago , but that 's just the tip of the iceberg . As the city 's chief planner tells the crowd
a motorcycle parked on a sidewalk portrayed in a graphic of the bombing of the World Trade Center . ( Photo : AP ) Police on Thursday described the suspect as a black male , a former student at the University of
two cats in an office look out the window of his office . `` They 're in a bad situation , you know . '' He 's not talking about the problem with the cats . He 's talking about the problem with
a parking meter sitting next to a parking meter , we 've had problems with it . We 've had a lot of issues with it . We 've had a lot of problems with it , too . We
bathroom designed to look like a cave , but the main rooms are designed to look like a cave . To access the cave , you can either walk directly to the main room , or you can use the shortcut . The
a white toilet next to a walk in a dimly lit hallway . But this was a simple case of the police , who made a mistake . They were there to investigate . They saw that
a fancy bathroom with a stand up shower and toilet . And the only problem with that bathroom is a lot of the water is going to be in the sink . It 's not hot enough . So the water gets used up
bicycle parked by the side of busy Interstate 94 . The vehicle was pulled over with a silver and yellow Ford Fusion . The crash happened near the intersection of Interstate 94 and I-94 . Police were
a large jetliner lading on a black-out runway while it attempted to make the climb to the first tower of the World Trade Center . The plane crashed at about 7:30 a.m. on March 1
a gothic style of church and is quite different from the style of the other churches that I have visited which are more conservative . The best church is the one that I have been to in the past .
a bathroom with a large window with blinds . The place is a good place to have a drink and a shower . I really enjoyed it . The only problem was that I was a little over 5'10 '' and
the view from a window seat aboard a Boeing 767 . The FAA has since suspended its pilot program . It 's unclear how many of the planes that have been grounded since Sept. 11 have flown at
girls playing on a beach with an airplane . `` We 're not even sure what 's going on , but we know this is the worst thing I 've ever seen , '' said Mr. Anderson , 47 , who lives
large brick building with a clock tower at its base . It 's a little like the old office building , but with more windows and more walls . It is also a great place to hang out if you 're having a party
an animal themed bathroom with bamboo blinds . As you can imagine , this was kind of a dream come true for me , when I first started working in the art department . I came to the realization that I
a large jetliner flying over a traffic jam on the French mainland . The plane crashed into a residential area of the city of Lille , killing all 224 people in the crash . The jetliner was carrying a
two urinals sitting side by side in the attic of the house . '' In March , the state Department of Corrections announced that more than 5,000 prisoners had been charged with misdemeanors . `` This
a man with a huge mustache next to him , and a small part of his back looked like a man . He had a long , beard that looked like an elephant 's head . His hair was long and it was a
woman standing inside a small kitchen with a clipboard and a notebook over it . `` I guess I 'll be back later , '' she says . `` Thank you , '' he says , and he leaves the room . He 's
a group of buses driving around at the time of the crash . `` It 's a very important piece of the puzzle , '' said Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the University
a bathroom with a stone bathtub . I have no idea if she was wearing underwear or not . `` < |endoftext| > Welcome to the online bookshop from the world 's most famous author It 's not a bookshop . Not
a motorcycle parked in the middle of a busy intersection , he told me , `` They 're coming for you . '' He was a big fan of the Red Wings and has been to the rink regularly as a player ,
a motorcycle parked next to a fence and a man with a gun in his hand . The man , who is in his 50s , was taken to a hospital . The shooting came just hours after a
a motorcycle is parked on a road by protesters at the entrance to the 'Briar ' square , in front of the Kheda Kheda Palace , in Istanbul , Turkey , July 29 , 2017 . REUTERS
a bathroom with white walls and a separate bathroom with white walls and a separate bathroom with white walls and a separate bathroom with white walls and a separate bathroom with white walls and a separate bathroom with white walls and a separate bathroom
a bathroom with two sinks and two mirrors , with the bathrooms on the top of the stairs and a bathroom on the bottom . The house is a few blocks from the mall and several blocks from the city 's downtown
a walk in shower in a bathroom next to the toilet The man , who was photographed wearing a white T-shirt , shorts and a black jacket , has been arrested at his home in the city centre .
two young men running across a soccer field , and some of them were in the middle of a race . `` I think it was probably one of the first things that people would see when they saw me , '' said
a bathroom with a vanity mirror next to her bed . That 's right , a vanity mirror . `` This means the same thing to me as it does to my husband , '' she explains . `` I 'm not going
a small black dog watching a flat screen TV . The dog was found by a witness who said it was being held by a person who was looking for his dog . Mr Williams said : `` He is
a large plane is flying through the sky . So you have a nice view of the ground or the sky . It is quite a bit of a problem when the wind is blowing . The wind will blow around the
a white toilet sitting in the corner of a park off the river . He was sitting on the grass , surrounded by his friends , waiting for a bus . The bus was late . He was too tired to go
a bus driving down a road by a motorist . The police have released video of the incident , which was captured on the camera of the mobile phone of the driver . The video shows the driver 's
a sports motorcycle is parked on a gravel road in the village of Kupeng-in , near the city of Kansai on Friday , April 9 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/Pam Chaudhary
a view of a toilet with the seat up . I ca n't help but feel like I 'm in a situation where the government is actually trying to put pressure on us . I 've never been to a
a woman works in a kitchen with wood floors and a basement . The home was built between 1971 and 1983 . Its owners say they built the home to house the family 's 10 dogs . `` I would
a man working on a motorcycle that is parked outside his house while he is working on his laptop . In a statement to the Daily Mail , Mr Lillis said : ' I 'm deeply saddened to hear of
a dog with shades on rididing in the front . The dog is about to walk out of the house when a man walks up to her , grabs her and tosses her to the ground while she struggles .
a man dressed in uniform with a fake beard and a big grin . `` I did n't have any friends of mine , but I was able to pick up some things that I needed , '' he explained . `` I
several planes lined up on a runway , and we had to drive to the gate , '' she said . `` It was a very stressful time . '' `` It was one of those situations where it would be very difficult
a plane flying high up in the air was captured on video . But the incident only raised questions about whether the plane was indeed in fact flying . `` The plane was not a U.S. Air Force aircraft
a motorcycle in a black and white image on the front of the car . The photo was taken from a distance of about 20 to 30 feet . The driver of the car , a 28-year-
a woman standing in a kitchen getting putting some food on the counter . `` I love you too , '' the man said . The woman looked at him . `` Did you hear what I said ? '' she asked
an old man dressed in black on his way to work . But he was n't so sure . The man 's name was Ryan . `` It was just the most incredible feeling , '' he said . `` It
a man wearing a beret while using a black and white striped shirt and black pants . The man , who was wearing a hooded sweatshirt , black jeans and no shirt , was arrested and charged with assault
a giraffe standing in a cage at the zoo . At the zoo in May , a giraffe was captured on a treadmill and taken to a veterinarian for treatment . The zoo said the animal was ``
a small , neat and clean yellow bathroom . A number of women , including a young and beautiful young woman , stood at the front of the building . The young woman , who was wearing a black suit and shirt
a kitchen with a wooden counter next to a small kitchen with an outside porch . I asked her to explain the history of this place . She explained that this is a place where `` the poor and needy were allowed to live
a bathroom with the toilet opened and looks like this : And here 's a photo of the bathroom : It has a shower , a shower stall , a shower stall , a shower stall with a shower stall
a person on a motorcycle looks at a photograph of the person in the photo and makes a false statement , or a person with a disability makes a false statement , or a person with a disability makes a false statement , or
a couple of people sitting in chairs behind me , they were all very happy , and I was just so happy and happy to be in a little bit of a state where I could see the difference between being a little bit
a man and a pretty woman sitting together in a room . This is a very nice scene . I 'm going to have to say that this is the first time I 've seen a gay couple sitting together , especially
a man riding a motorcycle on a race track in the city of Pune , India , on July 5 , 2014 . On July 5 , a man riding a motorcycle on a race track in the city of P
a photograph of a bathroom undergoing major renovations , and a video of a woman on a bus with her child . The women were allegedly assaulted by two men who were wearing black clothing . One of the men has been
a toilet outside covered in snow next to a giant , white statue of Jesus . The two were spotted at a party at the park on Saturday afternoon . A police officer told the paper : `` I was surprised by
a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a sink sink . I had to get a good night 's sleep , and I did n't get my money 's worth . I was doing the same things I did before the
a bed room with a bed and large glass window to look at the landscape . The house is surrounded by a large tree and is surrounded by an empty courtyard . The village of El Nuevo Ríona , the
a small plane on an air port run by the US military . ( Photo by Chris Keane/Getty Images ) By The Associated Press JUNA , Fla. ( AP ) — The U.S
a man and a woman riding on a horse . `` We had a couple of hours to make it through the rain , but the rain had stopped , '' said Gudmundsson . The group was able
a bathroom filled with urinals mounted on an open wall . `` You have to be very careful of your urinals , '' said one of the police officers . `` You must not make urinals or anything that moves
people on the beach really close to the shore . They were very respectful , and even got very close to each other . I do n't think it 's possible to know what they 're feeling now . We 'll need to see
a tall tower with a clock on top . The building is made of stone and has a large roof that is covered with stone blocks . The building is located on the north side of the island of Nusa T
a kitchen with a sinka stove and a kitchen sinka kitchen with a sink 3 . A kitchen that has a sink 4 . A kitchen that has a kitchen sink 5 . A kitchen that
a mean leaning against a metal rail next to an old-fashioned metal chair , its head tilted forward . The other side of the chair , the floor below , was a simple steel box , covered in a sheet of metal
some planes on the run way of an enemy plane . The enemy plane will then take up a position of the enemy plane and it will be attacked . The enemy plane will immediately start attacking the enemy plane . The
a flat screen tv embedded in a restroom . It 's not a big deal for that . The toilet is a big deal , and the toilet is not an easy thing to do . It takes a little practice to
a hotel room with a large bed and a chair for two . The hotel room at the hotel room was rented out . The owner , who was not identified , said he had been renting to his son
a kitchen with a refrigerator a small table on it . `` I was pretty shocked and I 'm not sure if it was the smell or some kind of stress , '' he said . The chef said he was
a herd of sheep grazing in a grassy area near the entrance to the temple ( Yazhak ) on July 3 , 1965 . ( Photo : AP ) When the temple opened in 1970 , the temple was
a bicycle in a living room with a glass screen and a keyboard in the living room . The other three bikes are on the side of the building . They were rented to a local bike shop . In the afternoon
a metallic toilet sitting in a small bathroom . A large black and white `` S '' light comes on at your eye level and you can see a couple of `` A '' s floating in the air . You can even hear
a bathroom with a sink and a mirror so I could see the women and their faces . I felt like I 'd seen enough . I started to feel like I was the only person that was a part of that
a bike leans on a wooden fence on the edge of the parking lot , in an effort to clear the way to their next destination . The driver of the bike , identified only as `` Alex '' by the bicycl
a cross country motorcyce on a motorcyclist . A person commits an offence if , having regard to subsection ( 22 ) , the offender is a motorcyclist , and the person is in any of the
an airport filled with large passenger jets parked at the airport . Photo : Reuters There were few other details of the trip but it was reported that she was seen making a brief stop at the airport . The
a bathroom with an open door and a door to a second bathroom . The city says the building is not a public space and that it must be used by a licensed landlord . `` The building is a
a couple of men herding sheep down the road . `` I 'm sure she 'll be fine , '' she told him . `` But we 're all in a bit of a hurry . '' He was a little
a large bathroom mirror over a sink in the house . He then walks in and begins moving his hands and feet as if he were a puppet to prevent his fingers from getting into these black things . The guy is
a bike racer taking a sharp turn in the gravel on a beautiful Saturday afternoon . `` I 'm feeling pretty good . I 've been getting a little bit more out of my bike lately , '' he said . `` I
a small airplane coming in for a landing . The official statement provided only a partial explanation of the incident . The report was issued by the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , the agency responsible for enforcing the
a bathroom with a separate tub and shower . The shower was a two-way mirror in the middle of the room and was surrounded by a small wall of wallpaper . The mirror was covered in a paper towel . The bathroom
an overhead view of a man in front of a truck . The truck was traveling on the Interstate-8 freeway , a narrow , winding highway that has been plagued by traffic accidents for years . The truck was heading
a classic motorcycle against a rustic ocean , and he was already a legend in the motorcycle community . His passion for the sport , his passion for riding , and his ability to make the best of his skill set made him
at the airport airplanes are waiting to load the passengers onto the aircraft , '' he said . `` They do n't know what to expect . We 've been in the same situation twice , twice in the same situation . ''
an image of a poorly lit old bathroom . This year 's winners include : • The St. Louis Post-Dispatch . A Pulitzer Prize-winning New York Times story about the early days of the post
a kitchen with a table in the middle , but I 'd rather have the kids . My mom came home and I went out to the pool and I was like : `` Do you have a ball ? ''
a building on lincoln ave called the `` M.I.T . Building '' . The building 's name is still under threat , but the real purpose is to attract people to the area , and even to its place
a bathroom with a squarish motif . She also has a very dark place in the series . She 's also a main character in the series as well . She 's the second main character in the series .
a person on a motor bike riding through a residential area . ( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) , the following applies : ( a ) the person on a motor bike riding through the area
three people riding on a motorcycle past small black-and-white cars , the first time that the city has seen such an influx of residents . `` The city is growing , the density is getting more and more
a man working on a raised motorcycle in the area . The man told police that he had seen a man standing in the middle of the road with a red helmet and a backpack , then got out a short time
a group of park benches occupied by people of the group . `` The next day I said to them 'we 're going to ask you to pay us , ' '' the woman was quoted as saying . `` They said '
a young man crossing the street in front of a restaurant . He was taken to the hospital . `` I am not going to lie to you . I know that every day it is hard to make friends , but
a long paved park path lined with benches and benches on the right . The park opened in 2000 and is home to the first American biker bike race . If you are riding your bike on the sidewalk on the
a bicycle in front of an entertainment center . It 's the same as what you would expect from the latest generation of cars . While a full-size sedan can be ridden in a pinch , these cars
a city street with a direct view of the road to the south . The road , which is now closed to vehicles , will be reopened during the weekend , but the area is still restricted to those without permits .
a lone bicycle next to a bike path that I 'm currently following , which is at a pedestrian crosswalk . It 's a great way to get around and there is a parking lot next to it . I 'd like to
a beach filled with people flying colorful kites , the beach itself is packed with beautiful sand and the scenery is fantastic . The beach is also filled with many different creatures , so we had to take some pictures with
a herd of sheep grazing in a harvested area during winter when they are too cold to be able to keep their own sheep . This happens because the sheep 's own milk and eggs tend to be too scarce and their own food
an image of a bathroom setting with a light fixture dangling out from a window , and in the bathroom of a neighboring house . There is a large open space in the bathroom , which is made up of a single window .
a bathroom with a double sink and oval , double-stooled door , and a bathroom sink and a double-stooled closet , the front door was broken open and two large metal cabinets were left on the
a woman standing in a kitchen in an upscale neighborhood of downtown Washington was shot and killed by an armed man who entered her home and shot her several times . The woman was a senior at the time of the shooting
a bike sitting in a field of wildflowers . The video , taken at the scene of the crash , shows three officers standing near a tractor-trailer , checking on a black SUV that was moving with
two parking meters across the street from a car wash. Police have not been able to confirm whether the car wash was a crime scene , but say the owner of the vehicle used to wash the vehicles was not charged
airplanes are sitting in a row on the runway . The plane 's pilots have been evacuated due to the sound of the incident . French President Francois Hollande said on Saturday that France and France should not be in a
a man walking while three motorcycles drive by . A man in his 50s was driving his Honda Accord near the intersection of West Broadway and East Broadway when he started the collision with the motorcycle . The Honda collided head
an image of a motorcycle parked next to a tree in the park . Police say the man was last seen approaching the scene at around 1:30 a.m. Monday when he was seen driving down the road
two small planes flying with each other in the sky . It was the first time any team had flown a plane with the same name . The first plane to fly with the same name was the Airbus A
an image of a bedroom setting with a view of a bedroom . `` The bedroom is a huge room , and it 's pretty hard to find a single bedroom in Britain , which is why so many people choose to
a man and woman who have set up a Facebook page to help children and adolescents learn about the Holocaust and the Holocaust memorial . `` It 's not about the 'Jews ' of Syria , it 's about the Holocaust
a herd of sheep grazing in an enclosure at Lai County , Arizona . A member of the band that lived in that enclosure was found to be suffering from the infection , which reportedly had spread to other members of the band
an image of an old town city . This is the original map of the region and all of the features were copied from the original map . This map was created from the following materials :
a fleet of airplanes rest at their gates , and the airmen do everything in their power to keep the enemy off course . The enemy has already started the attack on the French fleet , and the French fleet has
a bathroom with a primitive style art theme . I was surprised by the look of the book , it 's not just a book with a design on it . It 's actually a collection of books with a simple style art style
an overhead of a stainless steel open toilet bowl . The toilet bowl is designed to have an internal water reservoir and it has a stainless steel bowl lid . The toilet bowl is also used in the bathtub . The
a motorcycle is parked on a road with a number of parked vehicles . Criminal charges Anyone found guilty of a crime punishable by up to a year in prison or more than two years in prison will be
lambs and goats mill about inside a building in the small town of Pimlico . The group 's leader , a former head of the local police force , said he was surprised by the violence and was
traffic in a town , with mountains and trees . In the south , there are hills , with mountains and trees , and the roads are like a mountain 's path . The streets of the city are
a red painted wall is against a television set . The two black characters in the foreground , two young girls , are standing by the door , looking at the TV . One of the young girls looks at the TV through a
a flock of sheep grazing in a field . It is the largest herd of sheep that ever existed . The Great Pyramid of Giza In the Egyptian pyramids , the `` Great Pyramid '' is the largest
a small airplane is in the air on the way to a landing . A small airplane flies with an altitude of 0,000 feet . All of the engines run at full power . Only the engine is in a state of
an airplane attached to the walkway for the safety of the public . The aircraft was later recovered , then turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration . The incident has been the subject of protests by people in
a plane on runway taking off above ground level after it crashed on September 17 , 2011 . The crash killed all seven crew on board . The Airbus A321-200 was carrying 224 passengers aboard when it crashed on September 17
a kitchen in the process of being remodeled , he says , he felt `` very guilty '' when he called his children to ask what they thought about the renovation . `` I was shocked and I did n't even
brightly lit bathroom with a sink and a fire escape . The house is on the second floor of the house , with a small kitchen and closet . It is in an upstairs room . On
a small black cat sitting on the ground . `` I want to know if you have any problems with the cat . I have a very sensitive stomach ( or maybe not ) , I want to know if you have any issues with
a plane is flying through the sky on a routine basis , the plane is flying too fast and too fast . The plane has a speed of more than 150 knots , which is less than twice as fast as a normal jet
a crowded bus has a man standing and waving a white flag , while a woman is holding a placard reading : We will not accept more refugees - we will not accept more refugees . `` I 've been in
a rural wide street has sheep , bicycles and cars . It is also home to several of the world 's largest art installations , including a world-renowned sculpture by John H. Macy , the American painter who painted the
a middle aged man standing next to a red plastic bag containing a small bag of tea . He was obviously trying to keep his distance from the other participants . In a few minutes , he had been taken to the
the tiny kitten looks sad sitting in the corner of my eyes . ) `` I want to know what 's going on . '' She looked at me , then up at the large , dark , smiling kitten , who
two dogs standing in front of debris in the area of the scene of the shooting . He told the court that it was his understanding that `` the officers were armed with guns . '' He then went on to call the
a vintage photograph of a street in europe . He was an inspiration for the original photograph and the painting . The original photograph was taken with an iPhone during the day and then taken on the weekend . The photographer
an airplane flies low in the sky over South Korea , on October 20 , 2018 . In April , a plane flying near the South Korean border was shot down by a missile test . The two North Korean
a couple of old-school urinals . The first time I went to a bar I was greeted with a giant beer bottle that had a picture of a man with a giant mustache . The bartender said , `` Do n't
a kitchen counter with dishes dryin gi and a few other items . He had also ordered the food from a small store in the town , and even ordered the ingredients from a brand brand of chicken ( a
a man in flip-flops walks past his wife 's house , where he bought some of her clothes . The woman had a small collection of clothes . The man has two of them . The couple
three large passenger jets sit at the airport and the last of these aircraft was taken off the runway . He said there would be an investigation into what happened . A group of about 15 people , including children , were
a young woman on a beach flying a bird around the world , and she never got her wish . The problem was getting her parents to be there , she said . `` They did n't make it as far as
an image of a kitchen setting with piers . The building was built in 1787 by Robert J. Wiedewald , an English civil engineer and a resident of the city . The building , built on
a small clack cat sitting in iced tea cup . I 've had this for a long time and I love it . But it 's got a problem . I have a small cat in the kitchen that has a cold
a man is standing next to his motorcycle and a woman is standing next to her car . She says she was stopped by police after the man ran off . She said she was then taken to the area
a bicycle parked near a curb on the south side of the street on June 30 , 2012 . ( Photo : The Enquirer file photo ) A man has been charged with vehicular homicide after a man hit
a bathroom with a shower and tub and a bathtub . A few days later , my parents went into the bathroom and asked if they could have a few cups of coffee . This was my first attempt at a
a person standing over a toilet bowl with his hands and feet in a position that is clearly visible from his body to the toilet bowl . The court heard that the woman was the owner of the toilet bowl and was
an image of two urinals inside of their apartment building . The male and female have been identified as both being from the same locality and both having been living there for at least a decade . The two have since moved to
two people outside sitting on chairs with planes . We have a very short time to live and a very long time to lose our lives . We are not going to be able to say no to the people who have
an image of a group of policeman on a motorcycle in the town of Mayseri , Turkey . Another image uploaded to Facebook of a policeman of the police station in the town of Izmir , Turkey .
interior shot of bathroom in the process of remodeling . ( Photo : KUSA ) The construction of the bathroom project is underway in the heart of downtown Detroit . The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality says
a lone bike sits parked beside the bike shop behind the shop , where the owner is a realtor with a few years of experience and a reputation for being an honest man . The man is a man named Michael
a child is flying a kite on the runway . As a result , the plane has been declared `` flagrant negligence '' for the following reasons : 1 . The aircraft is not certificated to fly
two old airplanes are flying through a cloud of dust clouds that is not clear to us . We can help you find out how to get you out of the cloud , but here are some tips to help you get
a bathroom with a sink , toilet , and toilet paper . I also used a toilet paper sink to clean my face and feet . I used a toilet paper sink to dry my face , and I also used a toilet paper
the top of a black cat sitting down . The cat has had the opportunity to be in a position where it feels safe to kill one . The cat has been asked to do this by some of the people who have been
airplanes sit at the gate as transportation is arranged outside the gate . The airport also has a small airport for international flights . The airport is the main bus terminal . The airport is also the main airport
bathroom sink with cupboards and personas , and a small kitchen in the back . The basement is covered in shelves and cabinets with a wide variety of other shelves , including a kitchen sink , a fridge ,
this kitchen has a blue sink with many wooden slabs and a small bathroom . The kitchen is located outside of the kitchen on the third floor of the house . You can find a large list of kitchen services in
a very roomy , clean kitchen in the backyard . He has a large collection of vintage furniture and has his own kitchen around the house . He also makes a lot of furniture for clients and has a lot of space in
a door to a bathroom half open and a second-floor bedroom , with an upstairs bedroom , with a third-floor bedroom . There 's a bedroom in the basement , but the third-floor bedroom is not there .
reflection of hand towel in mirror in front of house on top of bedroom . - The mirror is on top of the bathroom sink . - The door is closed behind the house . The house is about 3-4 miles
a black motorcycle parked in the dirt by the garage door . We walked up to him and kissed him . He was very good to me . I asked him about his mother . `` She was just a
a citizen stands pointing to a police motorcycle with its headlights off . A police motorcycle with its headlights off . A police motorcycle with its headlights off . A police motorcycle with its headlights off .
a gray and white kitten in a white striped coat . The video 's title is `` The kitten is a kitten . '' `` The kitten is a kitten '' is a phrase used by the public at large to describe a
an image of a living room setting with its own bathroom and kitchen . You can read more about it in the video below. < |endoftext| > The American Psychiatric Association has been called a `` disgrace '' by its own members ,
green airplane flying in a bright blue sky over the Pacific Ocean , and the next day , a plane that had a big hole in the fuselage and had crashed into a tree was pulled from the sky by a large piece
a cat climbing into a bathroom sink looking for a toilet . Another cat , he called , who was also in a bathroom , was not found by a security guard and was found with a broken arm . `` The
the reflection of a man taking a trip over , with a child . The world was different , and I was very much in awe of what was going on . I had no idea what was going on . I was
the large adult cats sit calmly on a bench in front of the house , waiting for their owners to call for him . The cat is called `` Darling '' by his owners , and the owner is a small
a bus is passing by a large building in the middle of nowhere , it 's hard to tell what 's on the bus . But a couple of hours later , the bus arrives at the bus stop . The bus
a mustached man is standing in front of me . The man has two arms and is tall , with short , thin legs . He is a good size , about the size of a college football player . He has a
two people are lounging on an island . There have been reports of a large group of people with guns and knives inside the boat . At least two people have been killed and several others injured in a shootout
a man is standing at a railing overlooking a beach in the middle of the ocean . The man is wearing black , with black stripes across his face . He 's holding a fishing rod in one hand and a gun in the
two old era planes flying in the sky , which looked like it could be an older aircraft . The planes were all pretty , and the only thing that was different was their cockpit lights . It was pretty much the same with
a bathroom sink and cabinet are being displayed in the room . The city plans to add a second bathroom and have it built a second day in the basement . The new bathroom , the second day in the
several sheep are standing in a grassy clearing on the edge of the clearing , but I can see one of them standing . You ca n't see the sheep , but you can see an open area . At
a television screen is displayed in an empty restaurant in the heart of Berlin , Germany , November 2 , 2016 . REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch '' The fact that that 's how it was is a bit
small room with a washing machine , sink , and a shower . The family 's home is just a block from the university 's main campus , on a well-trodden road that connects to a few other schools
blurred image of motorized scooters , and the `` shark '' in the background . `` There 's no way this is an accident , '' said Jim O'Connor , a spokesman for the San Diego County
a picture of a man sitting outside typing on a computer . The man and his wife , known only as `` The Queen , '' were visiting their two children last week when they received a text on their phone from a
a potted plant is being displayed in the Museum of Natural History at the University of Wisconsin , Madison , on Monday . Advertisement The plant was discovered during a search of the zoo 's property and is in
a picture of four people in a park , one is in a wheelchair and the other is in a wheelchair . But the picture of the two people with disabilities is a very different one . The second picture
a main sits on the sidewalk , leaning against a tree outside the building . He has a small smile on his face when he says `` hello '' to his wife . The only thing that bothers him is the smell of a
an airplane flies over a street with many passengers passing by . After the crash , the helicopter came back to the scene and took the two passengers and three crewmembers to a hospital , where they were taken to the
two urinals are separated by a panel that opens up to reveal a `` stereo '' of a stereo stereo room built by the studio . In this case , the stereo is `` analog '' in that it is connected
many chefs work on cooking food in the kitchen but with a small budget . They are able to take the risk of working on a big project which is a lot of work for someone who does n't have any experience in the
a small bath room with a sink and a shower . The bathroom is a small room with a large tub and a shower with a shower . The main hall is a small tub with a sink and a shower . The main
a ford mustang next to a red light , and then on a red light , and then on another red light and on a third red light . The red light is supposed to be one of two kinds
three major airliner airplanes sitting out on their way to a destination , with the exception of the Boeing 737-800 that was just put out in the desert . As the aircraft arrived at the airport , it was taken off
a red headed man on a television in the early hours , said : ' I was in the car when I heard the sound , and I saw something flying off . ' I put my hand on the wheel and
a parking meter on the side of a hill . `` We were driving down the hill and saw that there was a parking place . We were really surprised when we saw this right next to us , '' says Gaud
a jet airplane with the loading ramp next to it . The plane could then be loaded onto the aircraft in the hangar . The pilot would then fly the airplane to a position to land the plane and land the aircraft
sheep and goats in a pen looking at the map . `` This is going to be a very interesting week for the game , '' he said . `` We 've got a huge group of people who are going to
tiled bathroom with a couple towels hanging on it . The kids were taken to a local child care center . Diane said they asked for help from their parents through the Internet but were told they have
a bathroom with a double vanity and round mirror . The owner of the shop , who did not wish to be named , confirmed the owners had been hired to fill the bathroom . He said : `` I
a person with a football running with another person . The law , according to the court , requires a person to report anyone who engages in the conduct . `` It just makes no sense , '' the prosecutor said .
sky view of a blue and yellow biosphere in the Pacific Ocean . This image shows the atmosphere of the ocean at the time of the eruption of Tundra on July 7 , 1979 , in the Pacific . A volcanic
a rolling rack of shelves covered in media . A dozen boxes of magazines , CDs , DVDs and even the like , along with a little more than a dozen DVDs as well—a lot ! They 're all in one place
a bathroom that has magazine rack and small metal lockers , the room has a single washboard and a bathroom sink . The bathroom is accessible from the bathroom door , through the door , and inside the room . There is
a partial view of a kitchen with a large pot of water . Credit : J. R. M. Johnson , Department of Biological Sciences In the first year of its research , the team used a novel combination of
the airplane flies low to the ground during takeoff , and then lands again . The pilot , a former U.S. Air Force pilot , is given a test flight and is given a second test flight . He is given
a house 's address is visible through a small metal door . You can also find a large wooden bench at the left of the house . From here , you can take a walk down the road that leads
small bathroom with a sink with a mirror ) , that will be a great addition to any house ( and if you have a bathroom full of toilet paper , you can use it as a bathroom sink ) . The toilet paper
a kitten sitting in a skin with a tiny head and two eyes . He 's got all sorts of weird things happening in his life . A couple weeks ago he was attacked by an attack dog . He 's been living an
a dog jumps in front of a television to look at his girlfriend , who is a `` girl on the run '' . The show 's producers , who had been planning on using the dog to talk about the murders , were told
man working on a motorcycle in a garage . He was shot and killed . A second man , a woman , was found dead in the driveway of his home in the 200 block of North 4th Street on Sunday .
a young girl walking along a beach holding an AK-47 at her feet . `` I 'm not sure what to do now , '' he said . `` I 'm just going to wait for the police to arrive .
a man is riding with a box on his tail . `` It 's a long one . It 's just not that fast , '' he said . `` It 's not that fast . It 's not that fast . I
a motorcycle on the road has a basket full of food and water . And in front of them is a car , a car with a large window , a big refrigerator , with a TV on the roof , and a big
a stainless steel tabletop covered in dinnerware , we have a selection of delicious dishes to suit any occasion . We also offer several different flavors of the same dish , often with different sauces . Please note ,
a kitchen with many plates and bowls on the roof . His father , who had no children , was a great cook and lived in a pretty , poor , and poor house . He was a great cook , and was well
a blurry photo of a person riding a bicycle at the intersection of E. Main Street in the Bronx . The video shows several cyclists riding on the sidewalk , one of whom is seen on the left side of the
a close up of a bathroom with a mirror and two sheets of paper in the corner of the bathroom . The photo was taken by a student at a university in Oregon , and the student 's mother told the Post that she
a bathroom is photographed with a fisheye , an object used to identify a person 's genitalia . `` The issue of this case is particularly concerning because of the fact that it involves a trans person and
a bathroom with a bath tub a toilet . If the bathroom is not available . The bathroom has a shower or toilet . If the bathroom is not available . You take the bathroom . If you do n't take the
a bird sits on an outside windowsill . `` The most important thing is that there is a sense of safety , '' he said . `` It has to be as safe as possible . '' Carmen White
a cat looks up as it stands in the middle of the street in downtown Ottawa on Monday , March 7 , 2016 . ( Paul Chiasson/CP ) The Ottawa Police Service has been investigating the death of
two double winged single engine planes flying with one wing . It was the first flight of the United States Air Force 's new `` Giant Bomb , '' a new type of aircraft designed to be able to fly with two wing
a motorcycle on the road carrying a large number of people at the site of a shooting in a suburb of the city of Paris . The suspect is thought to have been a Parisian who rented a vehicle from a
a vacant bus has seats facing in multiple directions . The bus was operating at an estimated capacity of 1,500,000 when it was pulled over by a security guard at about 11:10 a.m .
a man standing at a railing overlooking an empty street . `` My love , my friend , my husband , '' he said , `` I 'm very sad . I want my husband to meet my friend . '' I had a
the small dog is jumping up towards the dog ) . The dog is about to jump into the dog , but at the same time , he is unable to grab his dog . The dog is unable to escape
a corkscrew pasta salad with onions , feta cheese , and a little bit of dressing . I wanted to try it and I was so excited ! A few things to note : ( 1 ) I don
a clean bathroom with mirrored shower and marble tiles . The house has a 2.5-acre backyard that 's perfect for all things outdoor. < |endoftext| > The UK government is planning to leave the European Union by mid-2018 ,
a kitchen counter with a dishwasher and microwave . The Kitchen Counter is a large glass dishwasher with a dishwasher in the main room , a microwave in the corner , a dishwasher in the corner , and
a bathroom with a shower , toilet , and even a bathtub . But if you want to go to a shower , you might want to consider finding a restroom that 's more like a room : The Best Free
a small plane taking off from a runways , with a landing gear at the back , with a large cargo plane hovering over it , with a cargo plane landing on the back of the plane ( the cargo plane is a
a colorful photo of a bike against a backdrop of a red-and-white banner that reads `` Make it Big . '' The banner is the sign of the bike , and the bike 's owner says it is a `` small
an airplane comes in to land over a bridge . The pilot says he 's a man in a wheelchair who was riding a bicycle . He gets out and a few seconds later , a woman , who was driving his
advertising above the public urinals in a way that is consistent with the public 's willingness to view it . ( In this way , the information of the website is used as a proxy for the public 's perception of the content
a light above the shower is the only way to be sure that all is well… < |endoftext| > This is a great opportunity to talk about the history of the game . It is a very interesting topic to discuss .
a black cat sits in a cream tub , surrounded by a series of colorful and oddly shaped flowers . Its tiny eyes are bright , so bright it 's almost a blinding light . It 's a pretty sight . As
many people on a beach flying kites or going on vacation . As with others , the only real way to save money is to buy a car . And the only way to save money on a car is to
an old bathroom with a black marble sink . The bathroom 's black interior is a light brown with a red paint job . The ceiling and bathroom were covered . The bathroom was clean except for a few scratches from a stray razor
a small air plane on an air plane . There is a big problem here . You ca n't just stand there and let the jet roll across the air . You have to make sure that it does n't hit anything
the bathroom sink and medicine cabinet in a closet , with a couple of things to keep me warm . I had just started working on the bed . `` I was starting to feel very tired . I could feel my
a kitchen containing several appliances , a table , a bed and a kitchen sink . The hotel is owned by the German-owned Deutsche Bank ( DLB ) , which owns the building and the business is managed by the
a person on a motorcycle is looking out for his or her safety and may be in imminent danger . The police chief is also looking at whether police should be using a motorcycle as an emergency contact point in emergency calls
a professional motor cycle racer on the racetrack . He was born in the United States to a family of racing drivers in Alabama , Illinois and Florida . He graduated from the University of Alabama with a degree in
a tv in a bathroom mirror next to the toilet . `` I feel like I 'm in a fucking hellhole , '' said the teen . `` I 'm not getting any help from anyone . '' When contacted ,
a close up of a bowl of food . As we moved from kitchen to kitchen , and the food tasted like something from a book , we looked at each other for a moment , and then looked at each other
a bathroom with a large mirror a smaller one . `` It would be a really good idea to make it a little more open , '' she said . `` You could do your own thing . '' The city is
black dog jumping up at big screen television . That was before he even had the chance to learn how to read . The man who had created the original script for the film , a man who had never even been
a racing motorcyclist leans around a corner , as though on cue from the movie `` The Day the Earth Stood Still . '' This is the man who took out his Maserati A4 and drove off
a man and woman sit on a park bench and a woman walks past . `` I think it 's a very normal situation , '' he said . `` In the past , the police always had a right to arrest people
motorcycle racer leaning low coming out of the bushes . `` I was wearing a helmet at the time and I thought , 'This is not going to be a problem , ' '' he said . `` I would have
kitchen area with dishes , bowels , and a table decorated with photos of the dead . `` I 've been in there for 30 years and I 've never seen anything like it , '' said the man at the
black dog sitting in front of a television set . `` When you see the dogs , it is not the police , it is not the police who are responsible for any of that . It is these people who have
compact bathroom area , tub , toilet , sink , kitchen , bathroom , bathroom sink , and kitchen sink , which is located in the bathroom . 1 . The child 's personal space is limited to the child 's
white dishes stacked on a stainless steel countertop . `` We 're just trying to make sure we 're doing this right , '' he says . But the food is a mixed bag . `` If you
a bicycle sits parked along a busy roadside on September 24 , 2017 in Al-Hijaz , Syria . A car bomb exploded outside a Kurdish checkpoint in the northern Syrian city of Azaz killing at least 26 people .
a tv on a small table with pictures of her , and then proceeded to watch the movie with her . A couple of months later , on August 16th , 2009 , the same girl got very pregnant with L
passenger air planes parked at an airport in Hong Kong . ( Shui Hongtsang/EPA ) The U.S. has been sharply criticized for failing to secure major trade deals and other international agreements ,
a man and woman sit holding a teddy bear in front of a car window in front of a shopping mall in Manhattan . The man , who is also a lawyer , said he was driving because he has a
six white pedestals sinks sitting by the side of the mountain . The mountain is known for its numerous peaks , including the Mount Rushmore , which is named for its peak , and the Big Horn , which rises
a dirt bike parked along a trail next to a field where they used to work . They do n't need to take the bike home . The trail is a little different than the one on the left , but a
view of three pieces of a bathroom in one of the rooms in the basement . The four of them were the only ones which he could find . `` I was just thinking about it , what if we made a
the small bathroom is lit by lights above the toilet and the room is clean . ) `` There 's only one thing I can do right now , '' he said . `` I 'm not going to sit there and think ,
kitchen area , with storage shelves , a stove and a refrigerator . We were fortunate to receive this gift , which was made to my sister , a young and beautiful woman , and which she loved and held in
a man takes his picture using the bathroom window . The man uses his phone to call his wife . The man was arrested for the attack . `` We believe that this was a serious incident and we take
picture of bathroom being remolded where sink is . If you are looking for a way to get rid of the kitchen sink and your sink is too small , here is a solution . Here is a simple DIY DIY
typical residential bath room in a small house . I could imagine many men using this place , and the price tag is just too high . The owner is a man , but he has a lot of business ,
a small plane is parked on the tarmac . The plane 's cockpit is a rectangular box with a small window . A man is sitting on his side , holding an open glass bottle with a small bottle attached . A small
extremely modern bathroom renovation with wood and porcelain bathroom , and a custom bathtub . The apartment also contains a separate kitchen for cooking and a fireplace where you can cook and relax . On top of all of the amenities
kitten looking puzzled sitting in a bathroom mirror . `` He 's a good person , he 's intelligent , he 's kind of a good guy , he has the kind of family you 'd expect of someone who 's
a clean kitchen with a counter , spice rack , and a kitchen knife with a kitchen knife . A small kitchen with a small kitchenette and a small kitchenette counter are the same as the kitchenette counter ,
a view of a kitchen with dishwasher in the middle . This photo shows the kitchen of the restaurant . ( Photo : Courtesy of the H.C. County Courthouse ) It was a quiet Sunday
a city bus driving over a bridge under construction is being towed from a downtown San Francisco park and is being used , along with other vehicles , for a `` crowd control '' event , which is the main event of the
black and white photo of police motorcycles with their front license plates in front of the officers cars . `` I do n't understand how this can be a police motorcycle , '' he said . `` How can this be a police
a person took a picture of a bathroom , placed it on a wall and said `` I think someone should take that photo and post it on Instagram and Facebook '' and the next day , someone else posted it on the internet
a man standing on a balcony overlooking an army base . `` The soldiers were so scared , it was like they were on fire , '' he said . `` One soldiers died and the others were wounded . '' In
a black and white photo of a city in Brooklyn , NY , on March 15 , 2017 . The black and white photo of a city in Brooklyn , NY , on March 15 , 2017 . Photo : Melissa Phillip , The
a table with pots and pitchers with knives , and then one of the pitchers . I walked out and I did n't know what to do to get my hands on it . I had to get it out of my apartment .
a dog approaches two sheep in front of him and he tries to shoot them . He then shoots them in the head . The woman is dead after being shot by a member of the group including a man who is
all of the bunches of bananas are to be given a final pass before the top of the bunches are cleared for the rest of the bunches . You can also purchase the bananas at the supermarket to get them at
a woman with a giraffe , parrot and a zebra . Dance Dance - A dance of the body , the mind and the mind is one of the most important emotions that are experienced by people .
a blurry photo of people riding motorcycles in the U.S. Army 's Southern Training and Doctrine Corps field , from left , Lt. Col. James Neely , Sgt . William C. Jones , Sgt . Mark B
photograph of a public toilet as taken from a public toilet in the city of San Francisco in 1969 . The photograph was not taken at the time of the attack , and may have been taken from a different point of view
chefs in a kitchen at a restaurant in a suburban neighborhood of Portland . The victim in the shooting is not suspected of being involved in the incident . In a statement , police said : `` We are
eating and kitchen area of a small apartment building . `` The building 's floor is so thin that if you touch it you ca n't touch it at all . '' He says the building 's floor is so thin that if
a kitchen with a blue sink and oak rack . I 've always liked the smell of wood , and this one is no exception . The smell is quite strong , and the wood is still a nice note . It
a busy runway with buses and luggage carts , but the site is still relatively small . The main attraction is the giant `` I 'm in '' sign on the side of the building that reads `` Thank you for all the help
cats in a bathroom playing with the toilet . I looked down at the screen and saw a picture of a man in a black shirt . I was taken aback at the sight and did n't believe what I was seeing . I
plane with a shamrock painted on it . On the other hand , it 's not that unusual to see one of these pieces of technology on a piece of furniture . You 'll find it here in the garage or
a large cat stands inside of a clean-up truck . It 's a big , black , red and white model cat . `` We have been working with the city to get this thing out of the building and
a small cargo plane parked outside of a U.S. embassy in Cairo . The plane was carrying 200 people , including four children between the ages of 14 and 16 , the embassy said in a statement .
police motorcycles gathering near portable barrier , blacktop and blacktop helmets . Two men tried to arrest and one of the attackers , who was in the car with a blacktop , was killed , police said .
a delivery motorcyclist travels swiftly down a narrow road to her destination and she has to stop at any point to make a stop at a busy junction . There are several possible routes on the highway . The safest
a man driving a motorcycle down the road . A passerby spotted the car and called police . The driver was taken to hospital and charged with careless driving. < |endoftext| > A study that looked at the impact of
a touch football player is being persued by the media with a story about an alleged incident at a stadium that happened to be in a public park in South Wales last week . A woman who had been at the
a towel with a big chunk of cheese or other pasta sauce ) 8 oz . white wine ( or any other wine that is available from the store ) 1/2 cup of your favorite Italian seasoning (
a large black mirror hanging over a sink . The other was another large black mirror , which was located behind the kitchen counter and contained a large black knife and was about 10 inches long . A black eye was on the mirror
a clean looking wash room area with a bed in the back . A small kitchen with a large living room , bathroom , and a large refrigerator . A large dining area and a large living room . The house has
a mustang car and horse who the army had been sent from the front . A second cavalryman went to the rear . A third cavalryman was sent to the rear . The army was led by a soldier who had
a large wooden bathroom with a white tub with a large glass door and an old mirror . He was wearing a white T-shirt and black pants . He had a small black belt . `` I don
a furry long haired dog standing near a tree . `` I 'm not saying he 's a bad guy , but he 's a little different from some of the people around you , '' he said . He said that
a bird is sitting on the ledge of a tree . The bird is about to run out of breath . `` I 'm coming ! '' A dog is walking through a field . It is not a dog , but an
small residential bath room decorated in wood tones . The bathtub is also decorated with a light white rug . The apartment is located at 725 N. Main St. , Suite 330 , Cleveland , Ohio 44106 .
two people standing beside a flock of sheep . At the head of the herd was a young girl , but there were many more , she was no longer a boy , but had been given a name . But when
a toilet is sitting the corner of a bedroom . `` There 's a chair and a blanket . There 's an empty toilet . She 's just standing there . `` She 's so hot . She 's about
a row of auto-flush urinals . The problem is that this is not a `` one-size-fits-all '' solution . It 's not . There are a lot of different ways to store data
the inside of a commuter city bus with its interior facing the street . `` I just thought 'if this guy had been in another city , he would have been in a different situation . ' '' As it turned
a man standing beside a police motorcycle with his head down and a bullet in his shoulder . The man was shot before he was arrested . The witness says the suspect ran out and was shot once in the chest , twice in
a young woman flying a kite on her father 's side . '' The police found the young woman dead at the bottom of the river , near a village in the northern province of Doklam . The
cat is caught stepping in to the bathroom . `` They 're not even looking at it , '' says another employee who asked not to be identified . `` It 's literally just a dog , right ? '' says the
a girl sitting on a kitchen counter drinking a glass of a can of tea . The girl was wearing a white T-shirt with a picture of the Dalai Lama , a headscarf tied around her neck , and a
men digging some holes close to a runway in the North Korean city of Cheonan , North Korea , on Oct. 16 . ( Photo : Kim Kwang-soo/Reuters ) The U.S
a man standing next to a bike inside their house . They started to talk about their son 's birthday . `` It was a little awkward , because it was two weeks before , you know , you go to work
a woman is riding a bike with something in her hands and then she 's struck by a car . I 've been to the site about once a week and it 's really great . The whole site was great , there was
park benches full of people lining a street . The group of people at the scene said they 'd been there for more than a year and had seen cars plough through the streets of the area , but that they
a small bathroom is being viewed from a different angle . `` It 's not a very good idea for a small bathroom , '' said Paul B. Bouchard , a professor at the University of Minnesota and a senior
a horse is standing near a parked vintage Honda Accord . `` He is not here to run away from a potential car , '' said Doug O'Brien , who owns and operates the website RoadsideAmerica.com .
a bathroom with a black sink counter next to a large , black-painted window . When I arrived at the bathroom , he was already standing in front of my computer . While I looked at the bathroom 's display
man sitting on a chair outdoors working on the construction of a new building . You can read the full story here. < |endoftext| > ( CNN ) With the United States leading the way in military spending , and more than $ 200 billion
a motorcycle full of gear parked on a highway . He told the judge he was not sure whether he had been hit or seriously injured , or whether he had been assaulted or robbed . He said he had
a black and white dog standing in front of it . `` So , what are the chances of it being in the hands of somebody who has a criminal record , and I 'm not going to do that ? ''
a man is standing on a platform with a pair of scissors and a pair of scissors in his hand . What will happen is that he 'll just run off with the scissors . I was sitting with his group and
a commercial jet airliner as seen from below in this still image taken from an Air France passenger plane on March 10 , 2015 . REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch The latest incident , which occurred in the village
an airplane doing maneuvers with white smoke pouring from the cockpit . The pilot of the aircraft , whose name has not been released , told the Air Force News Service he was flying from Fort Bragg , North Carolina ,
a simple white residential kitchen with breakfast bar for the elderly , the kitchen is also equipped with a kitchen sink , a shower and a small bath . The home also has a large shower with a shower stall and a shower stall
a cat playing with a roll of toilet paper . Advertisement '' It 's just a little bit too much , '' she says . `` It 's not good enough for me . '' It 's not just the
a small bathroom with a sink next to a stove , a TV , and a microwave . My room was covered in tiny little plastic boxes , and the kitchen sink was covered in plastic . I could barely walk and I couldn
an old mustang with chrome rims and a large-breasted leather-lined leather front . In addition to the standard 6″ x 12″ wide rear seat with seat cushioning , a black leather back
a person standing in front of a toilet . It is often called a `` panty pole '' . The term was coined by J . B. DeWitt in 1871 . The phrase was adopted by the National Association of
a large passenger bus leaving a wooden bus station . The bus stopped in front of the building and the van disappeared . The bus was discovered by a local businessman who contacted police , who immediately gave chase .
a man and woman holding a teddy bear . The two men , from the same neighborhood , were in a dispute over the money and the woman who was trying to get it for her daughter. ''
a group of police men standing by their guns . This time , he is wearing a black T-shirt and a black T-shirt with the words `` Racist and racist '' on it. ''
a bathroom that has recently been tiled in a big , white box . A large , white plaque reads : `` Your mother was a slave in your own home , '' and you can see a large red plaque that says :
a giraffe standing next to a lizard . The giraffe is a tadpole , and its tail is covered with a black-tipped , bright-red light , which glows orange when it sees an approaching lizard
blue and green bus coming out from under the trees . The sun was out , and the air was very hot and dry . The bus stopped , turned , and headed back to the station . The bus was already
a woman is sitting on a counter in the street . She is holding a camera and says `` I 'm going to do this for you '' but she does not tell us what happened . When she finishes , the man grabs
two black cats sitting by a window looking for something to do . I had no idea what to do . '' She said they had to leave and were unable to find a place to stay for a week .
the modern bathroom is worthy of being photographed , '' said Dr. John S. Jankowski , a professor of psychology at University of Maryland College Park . `` The problem with the bathroom is that it 's a little bit like
a bicycle parked next to a snow covered bus stop at Arapahoe Creek Park . A number of homeless people were rescued from the bus stop , and the bus driver was arrested . The Chicago Tribune reports the
a man standing next to a dog near the entrance to the bar . The dog , who was not identified , was not hurt . Police said the dog , a white , 6-pound black male , was taken
cleaning equipment on the floor in a public space , '' said David O'Connell , a former senior adviser to President Obama . `` I think that was very effective . It created a lot of excitement . '' `` I
a cream colored bathroom and black countered sink with a white wash and a white wash with a white wash . I found this bathroom a couple of weeks ago , and it was absolutely gorgeous . I used it almost every
a man wearing a hat while standing in the street . He was carrying an infant , and a baby . A witness told police that the woman called 911 to report a man wearing a hat and carrying an infant in
a room under construction with an unfinished shower. < |endoftext| > A man who shot three people , injured six others and attacked two more at a gas station in West Oakland on Thursday was arrested late last week on charges of felony assault and
a woman sitting on a kitchen counter drinking a beer while a man sits on the sofa at the bottom of a bar on the sidewalk drinking a cup of coffee . That 's when the cops stopped and searched , and they found
a bicycle sits in a meadow of a small forest in the city of Krakow . The forest is lush with greenery and flowers , and it boasts of a beautiful old castle with a beautiful tree . At the
a man preparing food in a kitchen next to a car dealership . `` I was worried it was going to go to the wrong place , '' he said . `` I had to get out , and when it did I
kittens playing with rolls of.to . The most important thing about this is that it is really easy to add a few more layers to your rolls . But if you are using a large rolling board like I
a bike parked by a railing in a busy intersection . The suspect , who asked not to be identified , was arrested on suspicion of carrying a weapon , which has been used to target police . Police were
a car parked in front of a building . The man , identified as 37-year-old Joshua McNeil , was taken into custody after an investigation into possible drug trafficking . The man , identified as
a table filled with bunches on yellow paper . The next day , I sat in the dark room of my apartment in a quiet , quiet neighborhood in Los Angeles . I was the only person who was allowed in
a tidy bathroom with a sink , toilet and dishwasher , to provide a convenient place to rest , recharge and clean up after any issues . The bathroom features a sink and dishwasher , and it is designed to be used
an old ford mustang parked near the entrance to the house , and he took his own life . The police have said the man has been arrested on suspicion of murder . Read more : Man dies
a line of airplanes are parked in a hangar at the Air Force One hangar in San Diego , California , Friday , Aug. 5 , 2015 . California Gov . Jerry Brown ( T ) arrives at the White House to sign
a line of jetliners parked next to the airport . Santos said that while his plane was going through customs , it was stopped at the border and that he told his wife he was worried , saying that
a bird sitting on a ledge outside of my backyard . I 've been to a lot of bird shows , and I 've never been the only one coming up with these ideas . `` But then I saw a little thing I
an open air market with a lot of potential . If this can be successfully implemented , it could open the door to mass production of the next generation of high quality , affordable gas-powered cars . The key to
a motorcycle parked on a stone covered field with a stone cross . The man in the white shirt and jeans was sitting on a bench with his hands in the air . He had been walking on the side
a large pretty white kitchen with a lot of cool , warm food on the counter . There was also a large white table where a little girl would sit , and a little boy would sit . The kids were often
a couple police offices standing next to their own . `` That 's what we said , '' said his wife , who said that they were happy to see the police officers leave . `` No one was hurt . ''
a restaurant with prep cooks in the back . She was in town to watch her son play in the finals of the NCAA Division I Basketball Tournament , and she was there to watch him play . `` He
a silver park bench is in the park , as is the two-story , eight-foot high stone-and-steel bench used by the former governor . Photo '' You get so many people coming
a kitchen with tiled floors and countertops , but no plumbing ; no fireplaces ; no electric appliances . The house was built mostly from scratch by a couple of owners , who were looking for a place to
a row of sinks in a public restroom in a neighborhood near the University of Texas at Austin . ( Photo : Jim Watson , AP ) When the Houston Astros were playing the New York Yankees in December of 2005 ,
a group of giraffe standing next to a field of blackberries . The group is called the Feral Guinean , or `` Feral Guinean '' because it is so large . The feral
there are bunches of bananas grouped together , each containing over 100 bananas . `` There is no way to know which one is a banana . If you look at it , the banana has nothing to do with it , so
a cute kitty cat in the sink . You can tell right away that she 's not happy with you , though . And she does n't like being touched by you . She does n't like being touched when you 're alone
an empty bus with brown cloth covered seats . He was the only one to leave after the bus was stopped for a second time . He was taken to the hospital , where he was taken to a local hospital for treatment .
staff in kitchen with stainless serving compartments . The barista was kind of out of the loop on this one . I was so disappointed in the whole experience and the staff was always so knowledgeable about the barista and his
a metal park bench on a cement slab next to the train station . The man is said to have been shot by police after he was allegedly armed with a knife . The suspect and the victim were not
a bunch of bananas sitting on top of each other . I felt really , really good . I was happy with myself . I did n't cry . I just felt so good . I remember it was like the day
several bunches of bananas with a banana peel . After the initial break , the bananas are placed inside a small plastic bag with a few minutes remaining . Then the banana peel is placed in a blender
a metal kitchen table with a shelf holding a tray of food , and a small shelf holding a cup of tea . The table sat in front of the kitchen sink , in the middle of the sink .
a small airplane sitting on an airport tarmac . The pilot 's voice was a little softer , and it sounded like he was saying , `` I 'm going to get out of here . '' He tried to
a woman rides a bicycle down a country road in the northern Indian state of Karnataka . The image of a woman riding a bike across the country on July 18 , 2014 . The image of a woman riding a bicycle across
a white toilet bowl with an electronic brown plastic bowl , a small white cloth tray with a white plastic bowl , a white plastic bowl with the white plastic bowl holder , and a white plastic bowl with the white plastic bowl holder
a man gesturing next to a police officer . `` I am not afraid . I do n't need to worry about it . It 's a very simple thing , '' said Mr. Brown . `` I 'm just going
a metal park bench sitting on a slap-up tree . The only person who could stand up to the police was a man called `` Jackie '' who was wearing a police uniform . `` Jackie
eifel tower in the back with no lights . The rest of the building is covered with posters , some of which are pictures of people in real life . The tower is located in the south end of the
two cooks standing at the counter on a plate , looking for a cup of coffee and a slice of bread , at the same time , looking at a cup of milk , at the same time , looking at the same cup
a kitchen with wood counter tops and some of the best furniture in town . The dining room is huge with a nice kitchen sink with a nice table with some great sauces and soups . The front door is open
a man prepares food in a restaurant kitchen . A few weeks ago , the couple moved into a two-bedroom apartment on the east side of Los Angeles with their two young sons . They had never been in a
the toilet space walls are tiled in a way that makes it hard to see how much of the roof is directly below the toilet . There is no way to remove the toilet tile as it is in the bathroom and it
a man taking a picture of himself in a park or a beach . `` If you are trying to get a job and your job is to have a job , you should do what you can to get a job
a flat scree tv sitting on a wooden platform on which is a small room . The flat scree tv has a curved view to the side and the TV is in front of the TV . When the TV
a man standing over a shiny metal toilet . `` A lot of people are saying that it 's a bit of a problem . But no , no , that 's the way it is . It 's a big problem
a man sitting outside on a laptop against a wall . The other man was on crutches and a shirt . He was wearing a blue and gold suit and the only difference between him and that man was that he wore
a man laying on a bench and a woman sitting on the ground . She has a large body and she 's talking to the other woman about her injuries . But she 's not talking to you . You are not looking for
a woman in vintage clothing carrying an umbrella , holding a knife , holding a bottle of pepper spray , and a bag of pepper spray and a few bottles of pepper spray , as well as a man with a knife and a
a woman walking along the beach flying a flag over the city . The woman was walking along the beach while her husband was talking with a friend . One of the men turned on her and began kicking her .
a row of airplanes and one has a camera that can record the movements of all the jets , which means the jets are not going to be flying at exactly the same time . The radar and cameras do not detect the same
a riow of sinks in a watery chamber . It was the day before it was supposed to be dead . The first thing he noticed was how long it had been since the last of the
a man standing next to a black and gold watch . You know , he was in the middle of a fight , and he had come to get it . `` I 'm sorry , honey . But I do n't
a bathroom with a sink and toilet and a sink with a bathroom sink . You can also get a car wash in the same room , which is less expensive . A lot of people who go to the bathroom after school are
a bike parked in the grass by a guy who was standing by . `` I was like , `` I 'm not going to go back because I 'm going to kill myself . '' He was like , `` You 're
two dogs are looking up while they stand in line for a food court to buy snacks . The law prohibits an `` animal abuse or neglect '' conviction for an animal in a `` cruel and unusual '' manner while
a bicycle standing next to a tv entertainment center . There 's also a place where you can take a ride , but it 's less than a kilometer away . The main attraction is the `` Cinem
a man wearing biking apparel standing inside a shop in the outskirts of Bangkok . After his arrest last December , a local businessman told Reuters that the man had been carrying a knife and had `` got into an altercation with
an aerial view of an open toilet seat at the new U.S. Embassy in Jakarta , Indonesia . REUTERS/Ricardo N. Moraes The United States has been a key player in the fight
a giraffe walking through dead bushes and the other time a young male fell and fell on a tree . It was `` very unusual for this animal to be in the woods , '' said Dr. Saldani .
many people on a tropical beach flying kites over the Pacific Ocean are already trying to get inside . The new research , published in the journal Science , says it can be used to help people who are struggling to
a lone man sitting on a bench on the second floor of a building in the heart of downtown Ottawa . It 's a rare sight in Ottawa , but not in the city 's heart . In a town
a tan dog with sky blue eyes posing as the dog of a lady . He 's the head of a small family of dogs . [ LOL ] The lady 's name is Lizzie , which means ``
a tiled bathroom with a potted plant growing on the ground . The walls were covered in the leaves of the flower . The garden was filled with white potted plants , which were covered with white paper that
a kitchen with a cabinet separated from a wall and covered with a plastic bag of paper towels . The man had been working on his project since August when he and his wife left their home in the city .
a woman standing in front of the e-cigarette maker . `` I think it 's the most important thing on the horizon , '' said a woman who was not named . The woman said she was standing in
a black cat sitting in a white bathtub . The cat was apparently asleep when the incident occurred and was unable to sleep , according to the sheriff 's office . She was in a room with a large bathroom .
a double decker bus driving while it was parked at a local pub in the city 's south-east . The driver , 21 , was arrested after the bus allegedly pulled up to the pub , parked at the
a little girl holding a kitten next to her , I do n't think she 's feeling this bad . `` She 'll be fine eventually , '' I said . `` Okay , '' she replied . `` It 's been
two giraffes standing beside each other . I have never seen one of those things before . I 've never seen this . I 've never seen the one with the devil on the chest of
a white dish with a tomato based cilantro , a little bit of green chile , and a handful of mushrooms . I will have to try that in a year or two . This dish is delicious with a
a plate with two hot dogs and a drink . And , if you 're going to be the type of person who just wants to be able to indulge in the finer things in life , then this is the place to go
a public rest room with a black and white television and a large , bright yellow desk , a computer and a large , large kitchenette . The room was decorated with a big fireplace and a large round table , which was
person on motorbike with speed detector on the backseat . `` I 've never taken the step of driving myself in a car and I just want to take it in . '' The speed test was conducted at the
a bunch of sheep in a large field , and a few of them are waiting for the arrival of a young man with a little girl . A guy with a horse is waiting for them . The boy 's name
a motorcycle parked in a pile of rocks , with no explanation . In the hours and days since , he said , he 's seen more than 100 people get killed in the city . `` I do n't
a couple sitting on a couch with a couple in their teens . `` I 'm here to see you . It 's been a while since we 've seen each other , '' she said . But she told the
an ornate vase with a handle that was cut into four pieces for the frame . It was designed for the first time by a local artist named Steve Linn , who had seen it in the 1920s
a row of porcelain sinks in . He goes through his list of demands . `` I have to pay for all of this , '' he says , `` and I have to pay for the rest . '' He goes back to
a motorcycle racer on a track leaning into a cliff . When he got a little closer , his car began to sway uncontrollably . He managed to turn and turn and he got shot . `` I was just like
a giraffe walking through the brush in the woods . The `` Giant '' was found at the same scene in the same county as the other giraffe sightings . The animal was identified by investigators in February as
a football game on tv reflects in a way that few of those who watched it are aware of . It 's a scene that the entire nation has witnessed in recent years , but it 's also often portrayed as an
a bowl of fruit and pastry on a bed of creamy , crunchy chocolate . In my next article in the Dessert Blog , I 'll be taking a look at the dessert recipe and how it 's made .
a woman walking while carrying bananas on her back . The woman , who was wearing a white shirt , was taken to a hospital for her injuries . The woman , who was wearing a white shirt , was
commode scene , probably commercial establishment , or a small hotel . I mean , I 've seen that sort of place . And what happened in that case is that the hotel owner decided to just take over the entire
a group of animals standing in front of a lighted pole . The pole is a large stone with a short cross , which is sometimes called a `` double cross . '' The dog has only one cross on the pole , and
a small kitchen cluttered with a variety of meats , cheeses and other delicacies . The restaurant was opened to the public in 2009 and has since expanded to include a number of new restaurants and other small businesses .
a brick clock tower in the middle of the street . A small house in the middle of the street . A small house in the middle of the street . A large house in the middle of
an airplane in the sky doing a trick up your ass with a fake plane . The reason I 'm giving this a 5 is that I love a good trick , and one that works . I have been using it
a man sitting on a bench by a fire escape has a heart attack and needs urgent hospital treatment , said the family of the woman who died . A young man , who can not be named for legal reasons , admitted
a plain bathroom sink with a vanity mirror and a plastic cup holder . The bedroom was decorated with a large fountain , a pool of water and a large table . The bathroom was also decorated with a large
a young women sits on a kitchen counter , as if it were her own . `` I 'm not going to let you down , '' she says . `` I 'm trying to do it right . I 'm trying to
a motorcycle being held up slightly by its motorcyclist and the vehicle 's motorcyclist being held up by its occupant 's motorcyclist , the vehicle 's motorcyclist being held up by its occupant 's motorcycl
two workers are digging near an airport runway after an explosion at a security checkpoint in the city of Toulouse , southwestern France , on September 24 , 2012 . REUTERS/Francois Lenoir The blast at
a kitchen is under construction with a washer and dryer that will be needed for a large kitchen . This project includes : A large kitchen with 4,000 square feet of storage space for the freezer
an empty bus has tartan seats , and the other seats are full of people , but they 're not the same as the ones that are used on the bus . You get a different type of bus . I
a toilet stall with green marble walls and a wall of black granite benches . `` It 's a beautiful , beautiful place , '' he said . `` The people we meet here are not quite as good as those we 've
a row of wall mounted sinks in a row of two rows of wall mounted sinks in a row of two rows of wall mounted sinks in a row of two rows of wall mounted sinks in a row of wall mounted sinks in
a woman making sandwiches on a kitchen counter . When he was about 10 , he decided to look for the best way to get by in the city . He decided that a job could go a long way to finding
two giraffes eating leaves from a tree in a forest in Bali , Indonesia . `` We have seen them eat large quantities of bananas , as well as some insects and even birds , '' said Cerny
a woman riding her bike down a farm road in the Netherlands . She was at a loss to explain how a man and a woman got off the road together , and it all seems so much more complicated than her own explanation
an small airplane sitting on the runway unloading cargo . The aircraft , which was also operated by Air France Flight 542 , was flying south from Paris , France , at around noon on January 24 .
a woman standing outside with her black luggage , clutching the bag , was seen looking down and shaking her head . The police said she had been with her mother at the time and had been seen standing outside with the
a tall building with a lot of windows , a large kitchen , and a large basement . This building is quite unique in terms of it being a modern apartment . The main thing about this building is that it is completely enclosed
a large crowd of motorcycle enthusiasts at a park in the heart of Vancouver . In the early hours of July 5 , police and firefighters took over the scene . The RCMP said police had been called to a
a serving of prepared food sits on a kitchen table and takes up a large portion of the kitchen 's space . `` A lot of times , the kitchen is the biggest and biggest part when you 're working in a
a biker with a helmet on is still a great thing to have around . A true badass at times . `` The only way I know how to ride is to drive a motorcycle . I will never change that
a collections of pedestal sinks along a ridge in the river of the Tunguska , and on one of the walls . The water is so strong that its waves are constantly rippled along the walls . At
a walkway suspended over a street with graffiti on the back of it . `` The people that live here are the people that have been living here for so long , '' said the resident of the same name . She
a bathroom with white tile and a beige floor . I sat next to the bed and looked over at the mirror . `` I 'd rather not look at it . '' I stated . She shook
a framed picture of a bunch of bananas that have been plastered all over the place . Advertisement The video is worth watching , but it 's not a good look , and I 'm not sure how to
a crowd of people walking down a street in the city . The man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after police say he tried to stab a man in the head with a metal bottle . At
a green bathroom with a mirror and a bathtub . You ca n't touch him , but you can try to touch him again . He 's a little crazy . You have to try to keep him safe . You have to
man in a restaurant kitchen preparing a meal . He said he had bought a box of chicken and pasta in the store . `` I told him , 'Do n't be embarrassed . You 're going to make things a lot better
a person is sitting on a bench under a tree or a house , but not under a tree , and a person is standing on a bench under a tree , but not under a house , and a person is standing on
a 787 jet airplane sitting on a runway at around 40mph ( 150 kilometers per hour ) in flak formation , at Sochi international airport , in the Russian Black Sea resort . Russia 's transportation minister says a supervisor at
a large truck drives up to an airplane at the airport , the airport spokesman said . The plane was carrying a passenger named `` Sister '' from Germany , who was with the passenger 's family , according to the
a small bathroom with a white toilet sitting on top of it . The back of the bathroom is set to the wall . A man sits on a chair in front of me . The door opens and we are greeted by a
a woman holding a big spoon while cooking a pig . A woman holding a big spoon while cooking a pig . A man holding a stick in a long knife while holding a stick . A woman
a person is holding a spatula near the ground and will not attempt to stop it . The person 's hand comes up towards the ground and will not stop . That is the first time that I 've seen someone with a
a compact bathroom with vessel sink and toilet . The kitchen , bathroom and bath are located on the bottom floor and are separated by a long wall of a double bed . The kitchen is located in the back of the room ,
a plane is sitting on the tarmac of an aircraft carrier at the end of October , 2010 . Aircraft carriers were not always the only means of transportation for a large number of people , and the number of
a woman wearing a pink dress holding an umbrella . In the same video , another woman , believed to be in her 40s , was seen walking past the police officers at the scene . Her hair was
a white and blue jet is flying in the sky . It is bright red . I have one of the best views ever seen on the planet . I will never forget the time I was on a long flight over the Pacific
an airplane sitting in front of a group of about 10 people in a row , waiting for the last of the flight attendants to finish . The plane has been at the airport since late September , when the flight crew
rider leaning close to the ground on a sofa , he saw a bright light in the distance He took a deep breath and took out his cell phone . A man in a white shirt looked back at him
a computer on a desk surrounded by papers and computer screens , but not the physical physical world . The computer is a computer , and in this particular case , it 's a computer that is powered by a computer and that has
a kitchen filled with pots and pans under the counter of a kitchen counter . I asked one of the guests , a young white man , if he wanted to buy a bag of popcorn . `` I do n't want
a pizza sitting on top of a table . `` You have to think about what you 're doing , '' he said . `` I think we have an obligation to protect people . I think we have to be
a man speaking into a microphone on a bus in Toronto on Tuesday , Jan. 20 , 2015 . A protester holds up a sign reading `` Stop the Trump Agenda '' during a rally in Toronto on Tuesday , Jan
a square white plate with some colorful food coloring on it . The next day , the same day that the restaurant closed , the restaurant closed again . The new owner , who was not named , said he
a kitchen has a chrome stove and oven for frying . You can also have a kitchen that has a flat rack that you can place a fire and cook the meat to your liking . You can also have a kitchen
a black gold and white vase sitting in the middle of the room . It was a place that was just a drop off for them , but it still had a lot of people there . As the sun began
a shower door a sink a mirror and a towel The bathroom is always clean and clean The kitchen is always tidy The bathroom door is always closed The bathroom door is always open
a desktop computer sitting on top of a laptop , but this time , the screen was actually in the opposite direction . The screen was so close that I could n't see it , so I started looking in the direction
a hipster standing behind a motorcycle in a white suit , sunglasses , and a baseball cap , a white blazer , and a black T-shirt with a red bandana around his neck . His body language and manner
an electronic toilet that has the seat up , and the screen is positioned to the right of the toilet , to prevent the toilet from getting in the way . `` I 'd like to see the toilet more in the
a motorcycle traveling down a dirt path with a few hundred people , and now they 're taking them to the city . `` I 'm surprised . I think it 's a big deal , '' he said . `` You might
an office desk with a computer turned on and a piece of paper sitting in it . The staff member said she had no idea what happened , but she was impressed by his `` delightful , professional demeanor . '' She said
a kitchen filled with clutter and appliances and the people who were there to help . `` I thought , 'Oh my God , this is how life works . ' '' The incident took place on the third day of
the bathroom has a toilet , sink , and a shower , '' said the woman , who declined to be identified . The man , who declined to give his name , was arrested the next day on suspicion of assault and
two small dogs standing in a restroom next to my bedside . `` Hey , that 's my cat , '' I said , `` and we 're going to have to go to my vet . I 'm going to have
there are large stacks of kitchenware neatly piled on top of each other . It 's a wonderful sight . The kitchen is not only stylish , but it 's the perfect place to go if you 're feeling adventurous .
a man is preparing to herd a flock of sheep from the house of a farmer to an empty building . A man and his wife are walking in the empty building , the woman is walking in the front yard ,
two people are camping out in the desert , which has no known water source . `` We are in a very dangerous situation , and we are worried that a nuclear explosion could happen , '' said a military spokesman .
a man putting a bike on the front of his car in the middle of a busy street . He is now in jail after being charged with attempted murder . The man is in custody on suspicion of attempted murder ,
a small bathroom with a toilet and a sink in the bathroom . The bathroom has a small sink and a toilet . The bathroom has a small sink and a toilet . A small shower stall . A small
a small white kitchen with brown wood flooring and a white wall in the front with a small white wall behind it . The kitchen is a small , white , brick structure that is decorated with white furniture , a
a bathroom with a shower curtain over the window . A friend of mine , who does n't identify , told me she was worried about the water coming out of her bathroom . `` They said , 'Look
a cluttered room filled with a tv and an old , worn-out TV . His fingers were shaking as well . `` How is it going ? '' `` It 's okay , '' he said , smiling .
a person in an office setting sitting in a building with the intent to commit an offense , the court may order him to appear in person at the courthouse . ( Source : P.A . 90-813
a bathroom with a toilet and a sink . The man was a male . The woman , who was not identified , said she did not want to talk about what happened with the man , but she would rather talk
a close up of a white plate of chicken . Weighing in at between 1 and 3 ounces , the plate is a perfect size to hold the weight of the chicken in place . The dish itself
a kitchen with a stove a refrigerator and a microwave . The following day , she went to work and was out of bed when she heard the noise of an alarm . `` I grabbed her by the arm
a kitchen with a stove a microwave and a large refrigerator . The fridge , or a large , dark cabinet , is the one we use for cooking in the kitchen . We use a large bowl for the refrigerator ,
a person with travel luggage next to a bus stop , and the person on the bus is able to take some photos of the bus with their phones . Passengers of buses on the buses in question may pass by
a motorcyclist sitting by a sign saying `` I 'm a cyclist '' is `` a violation of the general law , and I 'm going to be prosecuted for it . '' Biker who ran into police in Toronto
a small white church with a clock on it , and the church is on a hill , and there are many people . But I always thought of it as a church where the family was living . It 's a place of
a light brown bathroom with drawers sink . There was an open doorway with a small wooden stool with a large wooden table . It was decorated with a number of different objects : a small wooden basket , a basket with a
a white jet and some people are walking around with a black guy who is wearing a black shirt and a white hat and the person with the black hat walks by and says something like `` Hey , he 's white ! ''
a tissue box on top of a toilet seat , and then they were placed under a chair . The only thing that they could not do was push their nose into the box and they could n't make out any of the markings
two hotdogs with mustard on a plate , as they are in some parts of the world . But I 've never been a vegetarian , and I 'm not so sure I 'd be able to cook one myself .
two toilet stalls in a bathroom with a large number of women . `` When I go to sleep , I do n't see them , '' said one of the women . `` I just get more tired and get more tired
a woman carrying a bunch of bananas on a street corner . This is my favorite moment of The Simpsons . When we were talking to each other at the store we had a big debate about whether or not to eat bananas .
a plane on the runway with several people on board . The plane was carrying 12 people on board when it crashed into the Sea of Japan . The plane hit an artificial reef , about five miles from the
man sitting in blue chair smiling while another woman sat in blue chair laughing at him , and the group all continued on . The group seemed to have a lot of time on their hands . They had the most time
an image of a sky scraper building up in the middle of a desert . It may be a new concept , but it 's a new concept in the realm of real life . Advertisement A new kind
bathroom photo of toilet and sink and his head on the wall . `` I never have to be in the bathroom so badly . '' This is one of many instances of a woman who has been in the bathroom during
an image of a clean full bathroom and a clean clean bathroom with a clean bathroom is not something that can be done by the same person . The question becomes , `` How can we create a clean bathroom
a room with a television set a little over a foot over the top of the stairs . `` I did n't realize I was doing this at all . I was wearing what 's called a 'spoon , '
a man in the kitchen looking around at the kitchen . She looked up at him , and then he looked back at her , and then back at the wall . Finally , he looked back at her , and then at the
blurred photo of motorbike giving impression of a woman in a headdress , which was later removed . That person did not seem to have any relationship with the bike . A spokesperson for the New York State Department
two motorcyclists driving on a street in the United States . `` This is a really hard problem to solve , '' he said . `` What 's the best solution ? I do n't know . What do I know
two people with a motorcycle and trailer parked in front of the store . '' It 's unclear how it happened , as the person who was driving the van said the driver did not appear to be driving . The
woman carrying a bunch of bananas on top of her with her . `` I need to have something , '' she asks herself . `` Why do n't you come over ? '' She turns around and walks away , but you don
a bathroom with a sink trash can and a sink floor plan . The project is the latest in a string of construction projects in New York City , which are being overseen by the City Council . `` It
a bathroom with towels , lights , and a shower . I have always loved the idea of having a bathroom with the other man . I also love the idea of bringing my kids to a game . I would love
metal commode from above , photographer 's son says he 's found a way to help the homeless in their quest for better housing . A resident of the area called the Department of Human Services on Monday , stating that
young man holding a tennis racket while standing on his porch in the middle of the night . This is the last we 've heard from her . She 's probably just trying to get her mind off the story
a plane leaves a long contrail in the air but the pilot does n't actually have a camera , and the plane 's engine is unable to do the same thing as normal . Then the plane lands , and the pilots are
stainless steel industrial stove sitting in front of the fire , this is a classic example of the use of steel . It was found in a large wood factory in the U.S. that had been built in the
a woman is in the kitchen making sandwiches for us after midnight . She is in the kitchen working on her lunch as we are still working . She is trying to get to the cafeteria , but we are not able to get
racing motorbike on turn leaning over road , and then pulling back to the stop and going out again . I have not been able to get out of this position , nor have I been able to do any of the
a man is sitting alone on a park bench , wearing a suit and tie . It is his first day of work , and he has been told that he has been refused admission to a job at the station .
kitchen scene , grey counter top on the table . She 's wearing a white shirt and black pants . It 's not an ordinary dinner , but she 's eating a small batch of fruit . It 's not a good idea
there is a motorcylce with people that are driving it , and I was driving it at 500 miles per hour , and I 'm thinking it 's a little bit like the car with the lights on , but it 's
a bathroom wth a shower and a shower stall . `` What 's that ? '' `` I 've been in that room before . I think it might be a nice new place… '' '' I guess
serious looking couple with light brown teddy bears in their car . I 'm sure they love the way their dog looks . The dog was so cute and I 'm sure she loves it too . They are very friendly
a child 's play kitchen right next to the dining room , in what the child 's mother described as `` a really crappy place . '' The two incidents prompted the FBI to investigate . But the investigation ultimately ended up failing
airplane at airport terminal getting ready to take off . The Pentagon said it would not release the names of the pilots but said in a statement that the pilot was an Air Force veteran who has worked for the Pentagon
two giraffes in a dirt and gravel enclosure , and with their heads held low by a long cord , a long wooden cross-piece was mounted on the wall . These were of the same colour , and were all
a nice shower has a glass enclosure and a shower stall , so I had to make sure I paid for all the showers . I was also happy with how much I got out of the rental . I had a
there are two people that are standing together . One of them is in the middle of a crowd . He is holding a sign saying 'Do n't Be Fooled ! ' and he is holding a sign saying 'Be careful ! '
two toilet stall , one blue and the other green , where he was waiting to go home . `` I did n't know I had to go home . I was scared for my life . I was just going to
a woman stands in the kitchen preparing a pizza . As the camera zooms in she looks at the ceiling . `` I do n't know . I 've always had a bad attitude , '' she says in the
a plane on the runway is being led by a man named Asim Ahmad . He is said to be wearing a white shirt and shorts . `` We are not looking for any jihadis , but we have received
a herd of sheep is on the side of the mania for being an abomination , and the mania for being an abomination . They have no interest in being a part of the civilized race , and the man
pedestrians make their way past motorcycle users to take up positions at the entrance to the city 's main shopping mall . A group of about 50 young men are currently on a camping trip out of town on a
a mans feet and legs are shown as the result of the two women 's backs moving during the attack . The legs are shown as the result of the two women 's backs moving during the attack . The two women
a woman cooks dinner while three people stand outside in a car . The family of the man shot in the head looks on , and two people carry their children to school . The shooting follows a shooting this week in
there are pictures of flowers in the bathroom window and a girl in front of her . We 're not sure what the girl is doing . And there 's no indication she 's doing anything really bad . But she is trying to
the airplane is at the gate at an altitude of 40,000 feet , and the plane is at the gate at an altitude of 80,000 feet at a speed of Mach 1 . The airplane is in the
large airplane being tugged by a small airplane , or a small plane being towed by a larger airplane . In a larger aircraft the speed of movement of the airplane is greatly increased . In a shorter aircraft the speed
man in cycling clothes drinking beside his bicycle . But just before midnight on the 26th of July , the man was attacked by the assailant , who threw punches , kicked , kicked and kicked at him .
there is a parked motorcycle in the street ) and the guy gets out , and I just drive him up to the car and we go , 'Why did you go up to the motorcycle , did you go up to the
a long , narrow yellow kitchen with black , white and red walls . The bar is lined with old cots and wooden poles , which are not covered by plastic . The walls are painted in gold and blue , and the
yellow kitchen with black and white floor and plaster floor . The building was designed by the late Dutch architect Peter van Gogh , who designed the first ever modern architecture in Amsterdam and which was based in London .
man hitting a ball with a tennis raisin in his hands , and then the rest of the game . `` There 's a lot of pressure , '' he said . `` I know that 's something you do n't want
a motorcyclist pauses to enjoy a bike-share ride . And when it comes to bike-share , the city of Toronto is n't exactly the only city to be hit by a major crash in the past
a kitchen has been organized with many appliances , and has built on the foundation of their own kitchen . This way , people can easily get the job done at home : In the same way that we use our kitchens
four lambs grazing in a fenced-in area in a park . Photo by : Joseph M. O'Grady An Oregon State University study released in 2013 found that one in five of the 9 ,
two motocross racers in the UK . The three-time world champion , who has been a top speed driver for the past 15 years , is a team owner for the team , which owns the team
computer and monitor on messy desk with lots of other applications and data . It 's perfect for anyone . In addition , the app has a wide range of other neat features including : - easy to read and
a flat screen tv adorns a bathroom door , and while it 's all true , we 've found ourselves wanting more and more of it . If you want to see what a flat screen TV looks like , check
there is a small tower in the center of the building , so the air is clear and the temperature is low . I 'm still going to come back for more photos but I 'm sure that this is going to be a
a small apartment has many belongings in it , but not a single one of them is missing . `` I feel safe , I feel like I 'm getting my life back , I feel like I 'm on my way
three giraffes stand close together in the foreground . These are the first real examples of the new petiole of the giraffe genus . Figs . 2 and 3 show the giraffe 's body in
a man is swinging to hit a tennis ball , and that 's what he is doing . 'The guy is swinging and he has a swing . He 's not doing anything threatening , he 's just trying to hit
interior bathroom scene with modern furnishings . But in the end , it all comes down to the fact that the house is a little too cozy for the average woman who spends most of her day in it .
two hot dogs sit on a white paper bag and a small box full of a bowl of cold dog food . I 'm curious to see what kind of animal were they eating , and how would they be treated .
a restroom features black and white checkered t-shirts , white sneakers , and some sort of plastic bag . The restrooms are also completely free of any signs or signage that might suggest that a person is a criminal .
a large plane flies in the sky while flying high ; they are about to land on the same plane . It is also possible to fly high while flying low . In this case , as the plane is high at
two empty adjacent bathroom stalls painted different colors . `` If she 's going to be in there , she 's in there , '' said another man , who asked to remain anonymous because the case is still under investigation. ``
an airplane flying through the sky with a black cloud in his eyes , `` I 'm not going to fly this way . '' So we take off . MARTIN : So , you went to fly the plane and
a bust on an unpaved rock road . The scene on the road was so close to our house that we could n't see it from the road at all . We were so disappointed . We knew it
a man in a helmet is standing beside the corpse , in the middle of the street , looking at his dead body . The second man is a woman , who is holding a knife . The third man
a calico cat drinking from a sink and drinking his tea . My best friend , who I had never met before , was doing too much of a good thing and drinking his tea . When he came back , I had
bathroom scene with white background and tan dress . `` No one was harmed . He was just an innocent man , '' she said . `` I just want to thank everybody for all the support that they have given me
dirty tiled shower stall and toilet area . The next morning , a woman spotted the victim , who was wearing a white swimsuit . The woman grabbed onto her cellphone and called the police , who arrived just before
a photo of a video game in the background that shows the game 's creators talking about it . `` It 's not just a game , '' said one of the creators of the game , who asked not to be named
man on a contraption , surrounded by an army of soldiers , the first time a soldier has used his firearm to shoot up a building , the next time a soldier has used his firearm to shoot up a car , in
people riding bicycles down the road approaching a sign that reads , `` I 'm an amateur bike rider . '' `` They 're literally going through a maze of signs and things like that , '' she said . `` They have to
the small toilet sits in the corner of the room , like one of those tiny cardboard boxes with a picture of a child or a baby in it . I stand , like I 'm holding up a pen and a paper .
white bath tub , with towel hanging over the top . The soap was then poured onto the shower head to give the shower a nice finish . After the shower , I was very satisfied with the results . Rated 5
two skiers trekking across the terrain in a short time to reach their destination . The following day at midnight , the skiers were back at the base of the mountain . The three skiers , all experienced skiers
motorcycle parked along the street next to the road . `` He was wearing a blue polo shirt , jeans and a black polo shirt on the back , '' said the woman , who did not want her
black , blue , white , red , green , purple , yellow and green , which is very cool . The next thing you 'll notice is the color of the logo . I 'm pretty sure this is a little
contrails can be seen from a distance to a point at which the sun 's heat is dissipated . If all else fails , we should continue to watch the earth 's surface , and if it is too
a woman with three pieces of luggage outside of her home in a shopping mall in Tokyo . ( AP Photo/Toru Yamaoka ) By KURU UMAJI DETROIT
installing a vessel sink in a clean vessel to prevent a sink from being in the water when a passenger is already in the water . The same procedure can be used to prevent a sink from being in the water
a person bundled in winter clothing and scarf , they were looking for a man who would take them to prison , and there was no one there to take them home . '' I 'm sorry , Mr. Speaker . In
a woman wears a costume pink dress with a pink band . Her costume is red . She wears a green dress with a green band . She wears a blue dress with a blue band . If players choose in-
a person on a motorcycle stopping by a police car is guilty of a Class C misdemeanor . ( c ) It shall be unlawful for any person on a motorcycle stopped by a police car who is a member of a
a woman sitting on a counter holding a bag of frozen yogurt and a few of her colleagues to hand out to them , '' she said , noting that she had heard of similar incidents . `` We are trying to ensure
renovated bathroom 's walk in shower . The couple did not return calls . The couple tried to call a tow truck , but it was too late . The tow truck 's owner said she had to ask for
smiling woman standing with luggage in front of her family . The police said the two men had been arrested on suspicion of child pornography offences . They were released on bail . The two were arrested
a commercial stainless kitchen with a pot of cold water and a big pot of sugar . The second item is a small container of fresh fruits , vegetables , and other fruits and vegetables . A large bowl of milk will do the
a bathroom with green walls , a pink toilet , and a pink `` sauna '' room with a pink couch . `` We 're all part of this project , we 're all part of this community , '' said T
a woman walks down the street with bananas and her children waiting for her to come home . A man in a gray suit runs to the supermarket . A woman in a gray suit runs to the supermarket .
a tall woman is standing in a small park with her back to the camera . She is in a bikini and wearing a long , blouse , a hoodie , a pair of shoes , and a black bow tie .
the large mirror has bright lighting behind it that makes it look like the camera is on a different side of the room . The viewfinder can be moved to a different side of the room or even onto the floor in the
cat attempting to get a drink out of a cup . The video , called `` Fishing for Fishes and Animals , '' shows a man 's hand in front of his mouth and a large fish being dragged from the
the wooden sauna has a white sink with a red floor , black wooden walls and a white ceiling . The windows are white and open , with no windows on the ground floor . The bed is black with black tiles and
snowy city street with red , white and blue . Advertisement A young woman walked past the shop and looked up to see a young man standing in front of a large sign with a sign reading :
girl in a tank top holding a kitten . `` That looks cool ! '' I ask her . `` Thanks , but I 'm not buying it ! '' `` It 's not very cute , though , '' she explains .
a black sheep stands among white sheep in a field in the middle of the forest . '' `` What do you mean I only care about white sheep ? '' `` Yes , but that 's not because I 'm black
two competitors skidding during a dirt bike race in the city of Lillehammer . The race is believed to have featured many cyclists and is believed to have been a record-breaking event with record-breaking weather
a toilet with a wooden seat is open , and it 's not like they 're gon na put it on or anything . They 're trying to get the car to go over the top , but I think it 's going to slow
there is a large plane sitting on the edge of the building , with a large number of people sitting nearby . I see them all , but I ca n't hear them . `` There is more of them . People
a blue and white toilet are posted side by side . The second one is a picture of a white toilet . The white toilet is on a wall of the bathroom , next to a photo of a toilet , the
the plane came in for a landing as it approached the runway . `` I feel like it was pretty hard to get that plane right at least for the first time , '' he said . The plane 's crew
a bird was perched on a car parked on a field in front of the school in May . The driver of the car , a teacher , said the bird was about 2 meters ( 5 feet ) from the school
two sheep are standing side by side behind the truck as they make their way to a nearby pasture . The sheep have a wide variety of sizes from small to large . The sheep are so small that they
urinals lined up along one wall with a man in front of them , and a woman in the corner holding a red sign . One of them was holding a gun and several men standing on one wall , with the woman
long counter in center of room surrounded by large glass doors . `` The main place you 'll find a large , open space is in the main kitchen area , '' said Ryan . `` It 's quite a large
an adult golden retriever standing next to a house . He was wearing a pair of earrings and a white scarf . He pulled his head back and looked at the clock , saying , `` I 'm
a small bathroom is photographed in black and white in the same spot in the video above . We 've also found that the black and white footage contains a subtle and distracting image of the `` cute '' male , who is
the front room of an apartment with the windows down . `` The car was running on the side of the road , '' said one of the tenants , who declined to give her name to protect her identity .
a bus on a gravel road with a few parking spots . The car sits on the side of the road , on the corner of the road and the fence near the bus . It 's about half way through the ride ,
lovingly restored antique double decker buses that had been in use since the 1920s . `` This was the last bus that I would go to in my life . It was my last bus before the end of
some motorcycle riders are biking through a festival that 's filled with fun and excitement . Some rides are on the main stage and others are on the back of a bus ; these are n't just for the thrill of the
two double deck buses are next to each other , and both of them will be fully equipped with solar panels . This means that the buses will be able to provide electricity to the city , which is already an important part of
sheep are standing on a platform with a wooden stool . '' `` And I did n't know if there was any water under it , right ? '' `` No , no ! '' `` Where the hell is
a plane is flying away from the airport . The two men could be seen running from the plane at point-blank range , hitting the pilot with a `` long-range '' rocket that he believed was aimed at
a closeup of a group of bananas and a banana peel , and the banana peel is a very thin layer of protein , and the banana peel is very thick . A few weeks later , I found out that
a woman cooking in a kitchen with other women . In an attempt to avoid the issue , the city took the unusual step of banning the women from the city hall and the public square of the city .
there are two people riding on a motorcycle , '' he says . `` You 'd never have to make a trip . '' It 's hard to imagine the way that the rider on the bike could have stopped when he saw the
a group of three people on a motorcycle , and a man in a suit , with a red mask and a backpack , drove off the scene and fled the scene . The man had been shot in the leg and
an airplane performing sky tricks leaving a trail of smoke behind them . In the early morning of August 19 , 1944 , the US Army Air Corps intercepted a German fighter jet at the Fw 190 . The pilot ,
an airplane landing in grass during the sun-baked holiday season . The FAA has said it is not investigating how , or if , the plane landed safely . The FAA said it received a report from the FAA
the dashboard of a car parked in front of her house and parked outside her home in the same city , she found herself trapped in a car . She tried to get her belongings from the car , but was beaten and forced
there is a small and decorative urn in the middle of the building . When you walk down the hall , you can see that there are lots of signs and pictures on the walls . The building is
a black and silver motorcycle parked in the parking lot of a bar in downtown Dallas . A couple of people were injured but were not seriously hurt . `` We 're just really excited about it , '' said Dallas
a person in a red sweatshirt on the front , head and shoulders . He did not have a gun . `` This is not an open-carry type of crime , '' said Sgt . Steve Smith , a police
the kitchen had a yellow wall and chewed gum with them , and the rest of the kitchen was covered with brown , white and black ash , which was filled with the scent of the ash . They came back
a sweet breakfast includes raspberries , chard , and a bunch of other fruit and nuts . But what about the dessert ? Well , I think this is a very good idea . I think it takes four
a computer screen is lit up on a screen that is lit up . The video below shows the screen lit up on the screen . The video shows that the screen is lit up on the screen .
an airplane with the landing gear down flying a jet about 7,000 feet . The plane then flew through the air for about 15 minutes . The plane continued on the runway for about 10 minutes before it crashed .
a large building stands in front of a building that was once a synagogue , today it is a mosque . The building , once a mosque , was built on the site of the Jewish cemetery . The mosque
a lady walks down the street with bananas in her hand . She says she 's ready to eat this one . She does n't say how much she eats , but she says she likes the taste . `` I don
a public restroom with a garbage can . The city is not the only one who is outraged that a public restroom in their city is closed . A letter to the city 's mayor , Vincent C. Gray ,
people watching a plane take off from a runway and crash into the sea . `` It is very difficult to imagine but we have come to a decision . We are in the process of making such drastic changes , '' Mr
two giraffes standing in front of the house . `` You know , they 're supposed to be cool , '' he said , and then he was gone . I was there . The only other person to walk by
a gas station and a traffic light . The man was arrested and charged with reckless driving . The suspect has not been identified. < |endoftext| > It 's that time of year again ! In the spring of 2018 ,
a double deck bus is headed down a hill just north of the town , and I got to see the new one . I really did n't want to have to leave , but I had a nice view of the road .
a young girl is holding a small cat , so she does n't know what is inside . J.D . says , `` If she does n't know , I guess I 'll know . '' He gets up
food and a spoon sit on a plate . `` The one thing we 're missing is the ability to eat fresh , healthy foods . We have a very limited food bank that 's based on the principles of the vegetarian
a white bathroom with white fixtures and tile . The bathroom is open and closed . The bathroom door was shut . The main floor was covered with dirt and debris . The hallway was covered with metal . When I arrived
this is an a image of a row of images that I 'm able to draw from the left to the right . There are also some things that I 've added that I really like . I do n't really like
a man pointing at a police motorcycle and throwing it into the air , saying that she was going to kill herself . The woman , the woman in the yellow jumpsuit , had a lot of bruises and abras
a group of sheep with a dog . The sheep were found to be very healthy and very healthy . The dogs were not aggressive . They were found to have a very strong immune system . Their immune system was also very
a bird sitting on the outside of a home , '' she said . `` Sometimes a bird will sit on the ground , but I think it 's all natural , and probably just something natural . '' The bird is about one
a man in a blue shirt sits in his car with a red t-shirt next to a bag full of cigarettes . `` I 'm not going to be in their home . '' The man sits in front of me. ``
a dog chasing several sheep through a pasture , which was not a common occurrence in the area . On June 7 , 2015 , a woman was shot outside her home in the 900 block of South Kiel , on the west
a makeshift tent is constructed at a campground on a hillside overlooking the city . The tent was built by the Italian company Accomodation , which is owned by a former local businessman . The company bought
a counter that has several pitchers and an extra hitter . A couple of players are very close to each other , especially in the middle , as well as two of the best hitters in baseball . It 's still a good sample
a fence sits around a plane on a flight of the US-led coalition conducting air strikes against Islamic State militants in Raqqa , Syria , on August 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Javier Balce Ceneta
a baby giraffe walking through a field . The animal was found in a field in the town of Wuxi , in southern China 's Hebei province . This is the first time a gir
a guy with a helmet on stands next to them , and this girl with a hat on the other side of the aisle at the gas station has a helmet on and says , `` I 'm going to have a baby . ''
a cat sits on the seat of a car . He 's the one that 's in charge of the process , and he 's the one who has the power , in that moment , to decide what kind of a car to
a woman with three suitcases stands in front of the building where the shooting occurred . Police said the woman was shot and killed by a man who shot at her . Police also said that a man who
a picture of a plate of food that was placed on the floor in front of his apartment . As one may imagine , the next day , he got a call from his landlord , who said that his landlord had
a shower curtain is pulled back in a matter of minutes . The curtain is then pulled back into place and the glass is set in place . Then the curtain is pulled back in a matter of seconds .
a kitchen with oak cabinetry and a large kitchen table . A kitchen is one of the most important things a family member needs to have when they retire . There is a place for them to put their
a picture of a field with multiple animals and a picture of the field to illustrate the fact that a dog can walk on its hind legs . It 's pretty funny to see the dog walk on its hind legs .
a picture of two motorcross people skidding across the tarmac of a bridge near the Greek-Turkish border , in front of the Eurotunnel terminal , at the border with Turkey , in 2014 . It
there is a tent , there is also a tent here , there is a tent there , there is also a tent here , there is a tent here , there is a tent here , there is a tent here , there
a bathroom with urinals that have graffiti , a bathroom with a garbage can , a bathroom with a toilet seat , a bathroom with a bathroom sink , a bathroom with a toilet seat , a bathroom with a toilet seat ,
there is a man in motion playing tennis . He is sitting at his desk , with a baseball cap , and he is talking through the phone with the player . He is talking about how much he loves the game . He
urinals in a line in a tangle of broken walls , and the two men were caught in the middle . As the two men were being carried off , the police had to break up a large crowd of
a picture of a colorful plane flying in the sky ? `` I 've seen it before , '' said the man . `` It 's the only plane that we 've seen that has a cockpit , has a fire extinguisher
a picture of two sheep standing in a pond . `` If I could see the sheep on any of the mountains in the future , I would know that it 's all connected , '' she said . `` We
a welcome sign over a road with cars , and also an open field . The opening ceremony was held under a banner that read `` We Can Love You '' The event was sponsored by the American Cancer Society
a tiled restroom with no toilet paper for women , and an underpants-wearing man in a striped shirt was also spotted . The incident took place at the same time that a man was arrested on suspicion
a large white bus drives through an intersection in the city of Berlin . The bus was stopped just before going on the highway , and the driver was immediately taken into custody . The driver of the bus was identified as
a large number of different kites being used by the people in the streets of these cities . We had to have a very large number of them . In the middle of the night , we were all sitting in
a picture of a bathroom with a sink . The photo is from a local news program in Kudzu , about 100 kilometers southeast of the town of Sichuan . It shows a woman wearing a towel ,
a cat crouched over sitting by a tree and was taken to hospital , but no arrests have been made . The two-year-old has since been released . The toddler was found in an alley
a bathroom is decorated in teal and blue with white flowers . If you 're looking for a more traditional way to enjoy the holidays , you can view the full list here. < |endoftext| > The first time I used the
a toilet seat with arms and the lid up . When you finally get up the door and open it you see there are six men with a huge , long sword in their hands . The sword is pointed at one
a church with a clock on the tower , and the city was filled with churches and shrines . The same day , the emperor and his daughter entered the church , and the church was filled with people . On
a man sitting on a couch with a box on his lap , and a man in his 40s standing next to him in a chair . On the other hand , the other man , the person in the chair , saw
a guy stands next to a guy riding a bicycle and says , 'You can do a better job . ' `` The driver of the bicycle that got stuck in the middle of the road , a man with a face
a white bathroom with tiled floor and a full bathroom with a bathroom . The other two bathrooms have separate floors . The bathroom to the right , in the middle , has a pool with a pool table
a computer that is turned on with piles of documents . At a glance , the building 's exterior might appear to be a typical warehouse , but the interior , which is decorated with stained glass , is actually a warehouse
a giraffe walks through brush and trees in North Dakota . ( Photo : AP ) Story Highlights More than 50,000 people have signed up to volunteer to help the endangered bison The group is a 501 (
two giraffes are standing in front of their enclosure while another giraffe is perched on the back of their enclosure . The researchers said that these giraffes were first spotted in the southern Indian state of Punjab
some food sits in a pot in a corner . The pot is covered with a thin layer of cornmeal , and the corn is sprinkled on top . It 's a nice way to start to have some nice cornbread and
a desk has a computer and computer accessories . As a result , she has an advantage over a lot of women . `` I 've been out of school for a few years . I have not worked for
a cat in a bathroom with toilet paper . The woman said she did not believe it was a crime . `` I do n't think it is , I 've got some kind of criminal history , I 've
a dog herds some sheep away from the herd . A dog is not a sheep . It is , however , a herd . A herd is a herd , and a herd is an animal herd . The
a dog standing up near a car looking for money . The dog is not visible to the dog , but it is there to look . It is not visible to the dog , but it is there to look . It is
a white porcelain sink is in the middle of the kitchen . `` Well , this place is a bit of a mess , '' she says , sitting down . `` It 's a mess . We 're not sure
a large group of sheep near two men in a house in the neighbourhood of the village of Boulogne , about 20 kilometres away from Monrovia . The man and a woman were killed . The man
a cat drinking out of the faucet of his mother 's bed . `` My body , the only thing that 's left is you . '' `` What ? But I was not a girl ! ''
a stainless steel oven sits between white cupboard , on a bench , with a small wooden base , and a pair of plastic cups , to cool in the oven . The base is made of a combination of stainless
bathroom with green tiled shower and all . He looked up at me with a smile . I was at least half a year old . I was in a bad mood , but my mom
a motorcycle parked next to street with little regard for the others . `` I thought , 'Oh my God , this is what we 're going to do here , ' `` he said . `` But then I ran into
there is a woman in the kitchen cooking dinner and a man in the living room , sitting on the sofa , reading a book to his wife , and his wife is watching him on the sofa . They have to be careful
a cat sitting on the hood of a white pickup truck with the words `` You 're welcome '' in the middle of the road . `` You are welcome , '' she said . `` I 'm there just to help . ''
a guy swings a tennis racket near a woman 's head and hits her , knocking her unconscious . The judge says she 's been treated for a heart attack and will be assessed to see if she can get the proper medical care
a calico cat drinks water from a bucket and walks around . `` I think my mother was always worried about being in the toilet for long periods of time , because she did n't want her mom to get to
a citgo station is shown at the bottom of this section . 2 . It is not possible to find any evidence of a fire in the station . The train is equipped with a fire extinguisher , and the
a large empty bathroom with a walk in closet . He looked out the window , at the sky , at the ocean , and at the sky . A huge , beautiful , white , red , and purple sky .
a bathroom with gray tiled floor and dark windows . The living room was white with a white background and the bathroom was stained by a white stripe from the ceiling . I did n't look at the mirror . I looked at
a kitchen with green walls and plants on the floor . When she 's not working on her projects , she 's working on her own . `` I work in the kitchen , '' she tells me , `` and I 'm
a group of bikers make their way through a residential neighborhood of downtown Seattle on Monday night , Aug. 11 , 2017 , in Seattle . ( Photo : Scott Strazzante , AP ) ST. LOU
a black and white checkered bathroom . As the women walked out of the bathroom , I reached forward and grabbed for a pillow . They looked shocked , and the two men behind me , who were trying to
a bathroom with two sinks and tiled floor . The toilet is also available through a single door that is unlocked at the front entrance . There are three entrances to the hotel , and they are located in front of
some chairs sit at an island near an island off of the South China Sea . ( AFP/Getty Images ) '' We have a lot of work to do , '' he said . `` I ca n't wait to start
a person sits at a table in a crowded restaurant , at a bus stop or at a table that someone has been playing at . ( Photo : The Washington Post ) Story Highlights D.C. police say it will take
a traffic signal sitting next to a street in Chicago . A car pulled up , and the police told him to stop , but he refused , and the driver pulled over and asked him why he was n't driving .
a motorcyclist yeilds for his life to get a permit for a car . But , as the law says , there is , no , I mean , there is a police officer in your home . And then
two toilets are in stalls next to one another . In the evening , there are two toilet stalls , one near the back of the building . There are two toilets in the corner of the building , one next to
a kitchen has all stainless steel appliances and appliances that are designed like a refrigerator . The fridge is a unique and unique item that has a unique twist on it . At the very least , it has the same appearance
a partially open door with a bathroom behind it and a large door on the other side of the room . The door was placed between two windows and the bathroom was a bit of a mess . The only way to take a
a beige bathroom stall with a sink with a mirror . She had no idea what she was supposed to do with the money . She came up with a simple solution : put the money into a new sock .
a bus driver putting a bike on front of a truck at a shopping mall in New York City , September 10 , 2016 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid The U.S. Department of Transportation , which
a giraffe walks through a line of people in front of the entrance to a restaurant . Photo by : Justin Sullivan/Getty Images The `` new , clean , clean '' was a reference to a controversial environmentalist
a woman riding a bike down the street A woman is reported missing in the San Gabriel Valley A woman is reported missing in the San Gabriel Valley A man is reported missing in the San Gabriel Valley
a huge giraffe walking between some cars and a few people . This is what I think of when I see it and wonder what 's going on . I can only imagine the look of disbelief that you could get
a large white and blue plane is at the center of a circular area . The main axis of the plane is perpendicular to the center of the planet . The horizontal axis of the plane is perpendicular to the plane of gravity .
a large orange cat sleeps on the hood of a vehicle . `` I 'm a little surprised because he was a little nervous , '' said Ryan , who lives in the building . It 's still unclear what caused
a man standing in a large kitchen looking out at the lake , and I feel like he is in trouble , and I have an idea . This is not the first time that I have had this reaction .
a crowd of people flying kits on a tarmac , in the center of downtown Los Angeles . They all gathered in a small room in front of the LAPD headquarters and chanted . The protest , which took place in
a computer sits on a desk next to a computer terminal . It is a computer terminal , and it is used as a computer terminal . The computer terminal is a computer terminal that is read and written through a computer terminal ,
a guy looks in a pan while cooking . It 's about the moment you start to get a little confused . I 'd like to see a picture of that first time . I did n't want to be with him for a
a white toilet sitting next to a toilet with a hole in it , in an office building in New York City , Feb. 11 , 2016 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque The United States is also one of the
a tv sits in a room with many , many people . They are all looking at each other and the person standing next to them , looking at their own . They are all looking at their own . We need
motorcycle parked next to a railing on campus . `` It is an extremely dangerous situation for people to be in , '' said the mayor . `` But it 's also a tragedy for other students and faculty . ''
an old wooden steeple with a clock in it . It 's a little odd to see a clock in a tree that I 've never seen before , so I thought I 'd try it out . I put it on top
a silver motorcycle in the foreground of an old family photo . A young man with a gold watch is seen in the background of the photo . The photo depicts the old man holding a gold watch . A black car
a view form the top of a bathroom door . `` You know , I 'm not a woman , '' he says . `` I 'm a man . '' He makes a small pause . `` I 'm sorry , ''
airplanes on an airstrip beneath a mountain in the middle of a desert area , about 30 kilometres west of Damascus . The US has been bombing and killing al-Qaeda fighters for over a year , and this
a small airplane landing in a field at a time when the military is conducting its own testing of nuclear weapons . The test is conducted by the US Navy , which is a joint project of the US Navy , Israel
a small bird perched on the windshield of my car . `` So my mom is going to be a doctor and that 's all you can expect to see , '' he said . After a few months of waiting
a kitchen with white tile floor and blue cabinets , with a large kitchen with white tile floor and some white cabinets , a small bathroom and a large kitchen with white tile , a lighted door , and a small window .
a restroom with two toilets sitting side by side . The restroom is located on the northeast side of the building , close to the entrance to the stadium . The restroom is open from 9 am to 5 pm every day and is
a picture of two hot dogs and a picture of a dog , and then there 's this crazy thing where you 're looking at each dog and there 's these two hot dogs and then you 're talking to each dog and you
picture of a bathroom with two toilets and a toilet seat . One lady , with a man in the other , is shown having to hold her husband 's hand while she cries . After the incident , the
a large delta passenger jet being prepared for launch in the Mediterranean Sea ( pictured ) The RAF has confirmed it was preparing to fly a single-engine bomber to the Mediterranean Sea by the end of March .
the interior of a bathroom with crumpled logs and debris lying over the sink and at the back of the living room . `` Our apartment was the last thing we ever thought we would ever have . All we
a couple walks through snow with skiis while wearing black wool and a black scarf . Some people say the incident is a case of `` racism '' . Police have not released a motive , but said it was a
a clocktower that is on the sidewalk outside the building . On Sunday , September 4 , the city released a report on a new project in a downtown downtown park . This project will involve a $ 3.4
two people cross country skiing holding ski poles in the North Dakota wilderness on May 14 . The ski poles are part of a $ 25 million project to build a ski hill in the North Dakota wilderness and a water park that will
a herd of sheep are walking up a hill as they wait for the herd to come up . Sheep are known to have been hunted for at least 100 years by the Romans . The Romans began to
a white truck parked next to a white van . It appears the van was driven by a man who was seen driving a black van . The driver of the van was arrested on suspicion of driving under the
a motorcycle being driven down the road with his hands raised over his head . `` I was a bad guy before I got married , '' he says . `` I 'm not a bad guy now . But if I was , I
a man standing by a police motorcycle with his head bowed in a state of disorientation , '' the police said in a statement . On the other side of the street , a white pickup truck carrying a large backpack
two cats eating food from bowls on a table when she tried to stop them . `` She tried to pull me away from the bowl but I could n't do that . I had to run a hand through the food
a walk in shower next to a toilet . The next day he got a call from a girl who said he was missing , and he went to her apartment . He said she told him she had come
a crowd of bikers driving down a dirt road , and then they were left at the mercy of the cops . In July 2015 , a woman was arrested for allegedly resisting a police officer and allegedly driving without a
the bathroom has a single sink , and the bathtub has a two-way sink . These are the basic features of a bathroom . You also have a toilet . Each bathroom has one toilet seat and one sink
three bicycle riders some trees and a pigeon to get through the night . `` I 'm a big believer in the idea that if you are going to win , you have to do it in the best possible way .
several men and women standing on a beach , on a beach , in New York . `` I am a proud American , and I have said this in my first speech , '' he said . `` But
a blurry photo of a kitchen and a fridge . `` If you take that away from us , we would like to ask that you take your money and give us a piece of your life , '' the couple wrote .
a white and blue 787 plane at around 0200 . This plane was also carrying a white passenger plane . After the fact , the US Air Force later discovered that the plane was carrying a black passenger plane .
a well lit bathroom with a bucket on it and a small mirror that says `` Goddamnit . '' After that , in the end , I was like , `` Wow ! I 've never looked so good in
a bathroom with a tub and shades on and a bathroom that 's not too hot . The bathroom is also a little different from the kitchen . There 's a small tub where you can shower and wash , though the
one giraffe is walking through some bushes in the forest . There are no trees . He looks down at a black bear and says `` I love that one . '' Then he leaves the scene . The video is called
a air plane parked on the tarpaulin at the bottom of the stairs . `` The guy in the tarpaulin did n't have any shoes on , '' he said . `` He had some shoes on with the
a nice touring motorcycle is parked on as little storage space as possible , and you can easily remove the rear tires if you do n't have any spare parts . The only real downside to this is that it 's not
a toilet in a stall with the toilet on the left . The first person to spot these things was an employee at a nearby restaurant . `` They were waiting for me to come in , '' she said .
snowy city with a bus moving at an average speed of more than 100 mph . The city has been trying to change that by developing a new parking lot to allow more people to park in , but the
girl with a yellow shirt holding a small white-tape recorder . A white-tape recorder , with a white tip , is a device that records every call made using the same number every day . The tape recorder
a kitchen with a sink and many cooking utensils . I 've done this in the kitchen and it 's worked out great ! What was the best thing you did for me at the show ? In
a fuel truck is parked next to an open fire extinguisher . The flames were extinguished by the truck 's owner and the truck was parked under an open fire extinguisher . ( Photo : The Press-Gazette )
man standing near a pen full of sheep , and the man in the black suit sat down on the couch , and on his knees had a long and sharp point of iron . `` I see that , '' said the
a man wearing glasses holds his dog in his arms at a restaurant in the city of Shor . In a video posted on social media Friday , the man said he 'd been kidnapped when he was 4 .
functional tiled white and green kitchen with windows and open-air windows . A large , two-storey , four-bed house built in 1867 by a man named Lewis Carroll , the home had a roof that
a walk in shower tub sitting next to his wife . The couple were at a party in the town of Daraa on June 6 , when the news broke , that the two had moved to the city .
a young woman stands by the post with a hand . After all , if her family 's business is going to be hurt , they 'll have to pay for her funeral . `` You think that 's a fair deal
a kitchen with drawers and an oven , you need to have a kitchen with a large amount of food on it and you do n't need to have a stove and sink to cook . How to Make a Perfect
a man sitting at a crosswalk on the west side of the street in the city 's East Village . `` We 've seen it before , '' says James . `` It was a lot more violent . They were a
a modern kitchen that is bright and painted by a local-based artist . The room is clean , simple , and comfortable . The kitchen is completely off limits for our children . The kitchen has a large , well
a bathroom with a toilet and two rolls of toilet paper . She had a few of them when she was a kid . They were very handy . She had a nice , big room where she went to shower , and you
a coffee cake sitting on a blue plate . `` I was just looking for something to get me started . I think I was about to go from a little kid ( to a good man ) to a big dude ( just
a man standing next to a set of wooden benches , who was on a walkway , was the first to leave his home . `` He 's a big guy , he 's a little bit older than me and
a man is standing next to two people . This is not a typical case , but one that I believe is quite common , and it is one that has been repeated in many other cases . There
two lambs in a fenced in garden , the two children are being kept by a relative to ensure safety . The family were in a nearby house when the shooting occurred . The couple , aged 24
a picture of a person in leather and blue pants , with his head raised above his knees . He 's wearing a gray hoodie and a black T-shirt . He has a wide smile on his face .
a bathroom with a sink and a shower . `` She was so excited , '' said D.C. Councilman Dan Kostun , D-Ward 5 , who had visited the women 's bathroom .
a large passenger jet taking off from an Egyptian air base in the Sinai was shot down by a Russian-backed coalition . The Russian military said that while it had shot down the plane , it could not confirm the
two chefs in a kitchen with brown wood floors , a red wine cellar and a small , open fireplace with white-hot , red-spoked grill . After the first day , it was easy to take my
a black and gold antique looking vase , a pair of brass gloves , and a pair of brass gloves . The two items are both extremely rare and very valuable . The item was found in a large silver car
a modern style wooden kitchen with multi layered interior . Towering : 675 sq ft 675 sq ft Flooring : All 3 levels All 3 levels Bedroom Flooring : All 3
a futuristic looking gas powered motorcycle in a black leather interior . The bike measures only 18 inches tall , but is easily able to reach the front of the bike by a few inches. < |endoftext| > This is the largest and most powerful
two dogs looking up at a camera in the backyard of a house in the East End of Toronto . `` This is a very special day , '' said Jason Fergus , who owns both the couple 's home and a
a coin meter outside at a parking lot in downtown Toronto . The new system will allow for `` signature '' transactions , where transactions are approved by a central bank to be made by the community . The central bank
a plane sitting on a tarmac with its engines running at full power . The Boeing is currently at 1,200 miles per hour , which is the highest level of power available for a plane . The plane flies
clock tower in middle of town made of sandstone . A view of the sea , which is called the `` Pleasant Island '' , is seen from the mountain . The city 's name is actually `` Crown Palace of
a man with a dog on his lap . `` The dog is barking and my son is barking . He 's trying to say 'Are you ready ? ' and I 'm saying 'no . ' And he 's yelling at
some people in a kitchen and one woman who was there , '' said R.E.G . Roberts , who owns and runs a restaurant called The House . `` I 'm trying to get that out there . If you look
a kitchen with steel pots and a wall of fireplaces made of wood and stone . The floor is decorated with carved images of the saints and the holy men , as if painted on a wall . The main room
many different species of sheep in display at the event . '' A new study by the University of California was the first to find that both species of sheep exhibit behavior that 's not found in other species of sheep . The
a large bathroom that is very well kept , and in the same room as the baths . In each room there are a few separate rooms , with separate windows , the bathroom and the bathtub . There are also
an intracately designed boat on a day-by-day basis . It was also a long way off from the coast , and was not supposed to be able to handle a long run . It
a tall building in the background with the word `` T.V . '' on it . This is what the name means in German . I think that 's pretty much the problem . The German , as you can see
an asian gentleman sitting in a blue silk shirt , with his long , straight arm tied in a circle around his waist . NARRATOR : A young man in his twenties , in his early twenties , was
a herd of sheep walking on a cluster of trees . `` It 's almost like a kind of a cross between a cattle herd and a cross between a man and a woman , '' he said . A number
a man preparing food in a large , well-lit room . He asked for a couple of large pieces of fruit and vegetables , and he got it . He was quite excited at the idea of the fruit . He took
a small white toilet sitting next to a large table , and one of the seats is a small toilet . The bathroom is clearly a work of art , with the walls covered with glass and covered in a tattered
a older bathroom with an ornately designed ceiling with an open balcony . `` When I first opened the door , I was shocked to see this place , '' he said . `` We had to close this space for two
a modern kitchen with stainless steel fridge , a large kitchen sink and a small kitchen sink . This is the perfect kitchen for your family or friends . The kitchen that you can put your family and friends in .
a kitchen with plants sitting in the window . The kitchen is a small rectangular structure with an open porch . The kitchen is a small rectangular structure with an open porch . The kitchen window is open . The kitchen is
a kitchen with a washer sitting next to a refrigerator to keep the heat from going out . `` We used a thermostat that 's just like any other one of those things , '' she said . `` It
a table full of vegetables and fruits can be used as a snack or to provide a quick meal . This recipe is also a great substitute for whole wheat or whole soy foods . It can also be made
a motorcycle with a luggage holder in the trunk of the car . The driver can also take the wheel . The motorcycle has two wheels . The front and rear wheel are connected by a belt or strap ,
a man sitting on a park bench next to the home of a man who has been arrested for allegedly smoking marijuana in the park . On May 20 , the man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance
a person on a motorcycle performing a test or other test under this chapter . [ 19CA 746j ] Possession of a firearm under the provisions of chapter 8 of the Revised Code is a misdemeanor
a wall of urinals and one has been placed in his face . Sidney 's mother , Patricia , told the court that the incident occurred at the home of a neighbour who has been arrested for allegedly using
a kitchen area with a counter and refrigerated food pantry . `` We have an array of items for sale , including food , clothing , medical supplies , clothing , and baby food , '' said Lacey .
a colorful fighter jet flying through a blue sky . His name is the same as the `` B-12s . '' The military says it has no knowledge of his whereabouts . A US Navy spokesman said there
a kitchen with a brown dining table set in the dining room with a front entrance . Inside the dining room is a small closet with a white couch . The living room of the house is covered with small windows that are small
a herd of sheep that was herded into a barn by a flock of horses . She did n't know what to do . The sheep had no idea . `` No one knows , '' she said. ``
a multi-colored airplane makes its way to the runway at LAX on September 28 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . Parker Solar Probe is humanity 's first-ever mission into a part of the Suns atmosphere called the
bathroom with bowl sinks and red patterned coffee table . `` My friends and family have called me just to say my name so I can share the experience . I want to remember the moment this happened . My
woman riding on a bicycle holding up a sign . `` I 'm just trying to make sure everyone has the same opportunity , '' she said . The event will be held as part of an evening of outdoor activity , with
two open bathroom stalls with open toilets and a door that would open to the public . `` It 's a very important part of our life , '' he said . `` We feel that it 's important that we have a
young japanese man smiling in his room as he sits down next to a table . He has no clothes on and is wearing a bright pink dress . The doorbell rings and after a moment or two , he is
a white toilet sitting in the corner of the room . In the morning they would sit down next to each other , and they would play , singing together . When the girl came to the bathroom she did n't say
a couple of men hanging out sitting outside the window , in the middle of the night , with a couple of others on the ground , and one of them was lying on the floor , on his back , with his head
a man stopped near a cross walk on May 3 near the intersection of South and South Bayside roads . The following day , police said a man stopped at a crosswalk at the intersection of South and South Bays
a plane flying with a sunset in the background . The images were taken on the first day or so of the new year . The image was taken at 8:11pm and has been converted into a three-dimensional model
the front of a car parked at a gas station in Brooklyn . ( Paul Chinn/The Washington Post ) There were no witnesses to the shooting . It was unclear whether the gunman was armed or not . No
a bathroom with a tub set against full-size marble . His wife , Carla , is a former president of the New York state Republican Party . The couple 's two children , ages 11 and 12 , attend
a silver oven in a white and black wooden box . The room was crowded , and the music was very strong . `` This is a place I love , '' I said to the girl . She said ,
a city made out of stone brick with a few small slabs , with a few small stones , and a few small stones . The main building was the main entrance to the temple , and the large building was the central
people standing and sitting around at a pier . `` It 's just a very nice experience , '' said Gresham . `` It 's just a fun place to be , but I think it 's just a very nice
a childs potty next to a child 's potty next to him or her . It is a common mistake to suggest that you are the owner of a child 's potty , as the fact that you
a bike parked next to a cat leaning against the door of her home , and a bag of toilet paper . She could see the back of the cat 's head , but the cat 's head was a little blurry. ``
a view of a mirror above a chefs ' table in the restaurant 's kitchen . The glass of wine is in the center of the room . The chef says , `` We 're not going to talk about the other people ,
a large bathroom with double sinks and a bed for two . I got in the shower and took a few steps down the stairs to the living room . In the room were four black-and-white photo prints of a
a double-decker bus makes its way to the airport in Shanghai on Tuesday , Nov. 16 , 2014 . REUTERS/Yuya Shino A spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry said the government was `` deep
a girl smiles as she holds a katana . As the sword is raised to her head , the girl reaches out and touches the sword in her hand . After she touches the blade , the sword is
a man wearing a helmet while holding a pistol and a pistol pointed at him . The shooting came after a police officer in Baton Rouge was struck in the face and struck with a Taser , according to reports .
light poles in the snow with yellow traffic lights . The vehicle got stuck in the snow , police said . The driver 's licence was suspended for a year , and he is now under probation. < |endoftext| > About
a bathroom with a large outwards protruding wall . The building is surrounded by a large , round metal barrier , which is located at the end of a large street . The two main entrances are at the base
group of mixed vegetables sitting on a counter in a supermarket in Mumbai . ( Express Photo by : Shashi Thakur ) While the government was in the process of revising the country 's food policy , the
a woman in a kitchen preparing a sandwich . `` I 've never seen anything like it , '' she said . As the man went on about how he could never have possibly known about the attack , she said
a large elephants reflection in a cars side mirror . It is quite a sight , and you can see that at the time , they were very young and they had been trained to do the same thing as a normal person .
a kitchen with lots of white counter space and a large kitchen with lots of white counter space . Sale prices for the full-family are set at $ 7.95 ( including taxes ) and $ 11 .
a man preparing food in a kitchen on Friday . The unidentified man , who is identified only by his first name as `` Nasser '' , told Reuters he was trying to find the food , but was stopped by police
airplanes at the airport getting ready to fly into San Francisco . `` I 'm going to be able to fly back to San Francisco . I 'm just not sure it would be feasible to fly back to New York to fly
a couple of men skiing up the side of the road . The police were alerted to the incident and were sent to the scene . Two men in their twenties and thirties were charged with assault ,
a blue bar and chair in a bright light . It was a beautiful place to visit , and I really enjoyed it . This morning I am so happy to be back at the shop . It 's been so nice
a bathroom floor with toilet paper everywhere on the floor , and on a wall next to the kitchen sink . `` I 've always been a big fan of the bathroom , '' she says . `` It 's a great place
a colorful canoe coasting the lake by road , he 's never seen anything like it . `` It 's a beautiful place . I think it 's the best place to be on a boat right now . The lake
four people visiting in kitchen while meal is being prepared in the room . `` As one would expect from a restaurant , there was no time to waste . The food was well prepared . I could tell from the decor
a geoup of people on bicycles coming to work . It 's the most amazing idea ever . I want to build on that with the rest of my people . It 's really crazy how you could do something like
a small town street filled with traffic beneath a large concrete wall . The crowd of hundreds was growing , with several hundred people in every car with a seat or two . There were no cars , just several dozen .
a man on a piece of equipment resembling a baseball bat . '' This is not the first time someone has been detained when someone is in the United States illegally . In July , the Miami Herald said it was
an orange cat sitting in front of a huge , white and yellow fish . The cat walks slowly and slowly up and down the cat 's body , trying to find the right place for the cat to sit with her . When
a person at an airport terminal with plan A is not allowed to enter the airport at a time when the person is under the age of 17 . ( b ) If a person is found guilty of a driving offence
a bright kitchen barstop next to a well-equipped restaurant . There was a small room for two , but once the bar stopped , the rest of the room was empty . But it was not that there was
sunlight blurs the view as it fades and becomes black . I 've always been a fan of these two photos . One , of the photographer who shot the first version of the moon , is in
a bathroom with green tile and a red door in the back door . The woman was sitting at the table , sitting at her desk in a chair , and she had a small smile on her face . Her hair
a kitchen counter top filled with appliances and snacks . The bar is located on the second floor of the West Village building . The bar is open 8 pm to 9 pm daily . The owners are not available
a bathroom with a white toilet and a white wall . The woman 's family said the couple was `` absolutely devastated by what happened and their lives are in such terrible danger . '' `` They were in a very
two people watching airplanes taking off from the airport in New York City . They were watching a film in an airplane as it flew into Philadelphia and headed north . The pilot flew out on the runway , but
a city street filled with traffic at night . `` I do n't think it was a coincidence that the police pulled over the car because it was parked outside of the building , but they did not know who it was
a bathroom sink with a marble counter top . In this case , the front of the sink has a curved , curved , water-resistant surface . The bathroom sink has two large , wide , rounded surfaces that form
a person with a shopping cart on a street . The government has been facing calls from some groups for a boycott of the event , but the demonstrators are taking their fight to the court . The court ruled
a person riding a dirt bike in the middle of the road. < |endoftext| > '' The story you 're telling is so much more powerful than anything I 've ever read . '' —Ethan Young From the start ,
a white compact car parked on a sandy beach with no sign of one in sight . `` It does n't matter how white you are , '' he says , `` if you 're white , you 're going to get hurt . ''
shot of bottom side of jet flying against top of the body . Miguel says he has had at least 10 shots of the body , some of which have been in the air . The air has
a face car driving past a parked motorcycle . In this case , the video shows that the driver of the car was a woman who was driving the motorcycle . `` A woman was driving a motorcycle behind a
a computer monitor glows on a wooden desk . It 's not the first time that his eyes have been turned on . But if he ca n't find the computer for his job , he 'll have to move to
a medium sized plane on an air port ( 1,000 m ) and the surface would be covered with a layer of silica . The material was then placed on the surface of the surface of the object , and was
a bicycle chained to a pole on a street in the middle of the day . I was a little frustrated , but I knew what was coming . I think it was a little weird , but I kept thinking to myself ,
a half eaten dessert and half empty cup of coffee . After dinner , we were ready to go and go to the café again and again as we drove home . The café was in a beautiful part of town .
a clean and modern looking bathroom with an open area for showers and a large shower . The bathroom is also open to the public . There are a number of different styles of shower and bath facilities , including a small shower and
two double decker buses sit next to each other , providing an easy ride on any day . The bus , which will be offered in five different sizes , is currently scheduled to pick up passengers at the end of
a man wearing an apron in an alley was shot in the face . The victim was taken to hospital in stable condition . The victim 's sister said the shooter entered the residence with a gun and had already fired
a dining area features a dark wood dining room with a large outdoor restaurant with a patio on top . The dining area also features a large patio on top with a large patio . The restaurant is also accessible by public
a motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles on the opposite side of the road , and in the middle of it , a group of kids were riding bicycles on a street in a residential neighborhood . A few of them were standing near
a white bath tub sits empty in a white tub . It is a white bathtub with water on it , with a shower curtain on the front and a small black curtain on the back . The bathtub is the only
a plane flies over , painted in right : The United States embassy in Jerusalem in 1974 . Israel was to buy a plane from Dubai , and an Israeli businessman is behind the deal , according to the Israeli ambassador to
two white sheep , a black goat and a black sheep . The `` Lion of the West '' In one of the earliest chapters of the book , the Book of Mormon is described as having a ``
two people on dirt bikes making turns on a dirt road , and one who was driving a car . `` We saw the lights go off and the cars were not moving , '' Dr. David O'Malley said .
two red and green double-decker buses were on the way from the site of construction in Sohrabuddin . A spokesperson for the Sohrabuddin High School said the school had offered to pay the
a black and white cat sits in a small chair with a white leash . `` That 's not a cat I am going to get into , that 's a cat I am going to get into , '' he says .
a woman in a white shirt and jeans , and a white coat . Police say the woman , who is also the daughter of an owner , who is married to a man , has been charged with resisting arrest ,
a dog is sitting in front of a wall . The dog is sitting in front of the wall . You can see the dog 's body . The dog is sitting in front of the wall . The dog is sitting in front
a motorcycle is parker on a city street . `` We have nothing to do with it , '' said Sgt . Paul O'Donoghue of the Chicago Police Department , a spokesman for the agency . `` We
a clean sink with mouthwash and toothpaste and a little bit of vinegar and olive oil . It 's a good idea to take a bit of time to get a good clean before you start using this product .
large cat laying down asleep on top of a large white cat . In our previous post , we discussed how to create a video demonstration of the use of the 3D printer to create a 3D model ( video
a gray tiered building features hundreds of apartments with a view of the Grand Canyon and the Salt Lake Valley . The building is located next door to a major hotel . The building is the fourth of three apartment complexes
an empty clean kitchen with island , marble , and wooden chairs The old , old-fashioned kitchen is a great place to have a drink or two , so that you can spend time with your family , and it
a small kitchen area features a stove and a grill . There 's a small table with a large fridge , a large sink , and a large counter . In addition to the kitchen area , there 's also a dining room ,
a white toilet in a restroom next to the bathroom door . The report said the landlord is not being held liable for the incidents that occurred . The victim was treated at the hospital for the injuries .
man holding back dog while sheep are held back to avoid being spotted by a dog in the middle of the street . The police said the dog had been caught in the crossfire as he watched the three people from
a man riding a motorcycle in pink furry shorts . In the video , the man tells the man to get out of the car and to open the door . The man then says `` come on in , '' which the
a young man riding a bike past a white police car that was being driven by a black man , and he ran into the street . The officer who was with the black man , who was in the car ,
the hound dog is on top of the dog 's head . Now , as you can see in the picture , the dog is on top of the dog 's head . Now , as you can see
a black motorcycle is on display with more than 100 photos from the event , including photos from the front of the vehicle , a passenger 's helmet , and more . The event was organized by the American Society for Motor
an empty kitchen with a wooden stool next to the kitchen , and a wooden bed next to the kitchen sink . I 'm sure it would have been easier to take the other people out of the house and leave them alone ,
a clean bathroom decorated with a mirror vessel , a mirror that was supposed to be attached to the top of the bathroom , a set of curtains and a set of doorways . `` They were supposed to be in
an empty bathroom stall with toilet and trash , but she was too busy to care what happened to the girl . A young man from the same neighborhood called her and told her to stay on the street . She said she was
a purple and white bus driving down a busy street in New York City . The photo shows the bus with its license plate . ( Photo : Justin Sullivan , Getty Images ) WASHINGTON — The National Transportation Safety Board 's
a kitchen in a house under construction and it was built to look like this : There 's also a small bathroom , a small kitchen , an air conditioning unit and a small bathroom . The design was inspired
an aerial view of a kitchen in cylindrical form . The company was founded in 1996 . The company was founded by John Stahl , a former NASA astronaut . Stahl 's background was in aerospace . He
a blue car making a right turn at the other end of the street . I 've never seen this car go over the top of a hill before . It ca n't be . I mean , like , it 's pretty damn
a man riding a motorcycle down a busy sidewalk in San Francisco , Calif. on October 30 , 2012 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson The bike lanes have been the subject of criticism from opponents and from city officials .
a yellow walled kitchen with a black and white kitchen with a white door and a white wall with black and white curtains . On the wall was a white wall with a red curtain and a white door . A
a large passenger jet sitting on top of a big , narrow tunnel . The plane 's crew was on standby for the descent , and the captain had to turn a blind eye to the fact that he was being pursued by two
a girl is standing in a kitchen with a girl in the other room , who is holding a baby . The child is in the same place and is crying . The girl is saying , `` You did n't do that to
a small bathroom with a reflection of a huge mirror and a small bathroom with a reflection of the mirror . You can see the bathroom mirror and the mirror inside of the bedroom . The mirror inside of the bedroom
a bathroom with a walk in shower next to her . She had been raped by two men in a house in the same neighbourhood . She was found guilty of the offence on November 19 at the trial .
a stream of smoke from a jet in the distance . The man was identified by the authorities as Ahmad Aboula , 29 , of Dubai . He was arrested on suspicion of using child pornography and weapons .
a wall in a bathroom lined with urinals . We were not so sure how much each other was going to love this place . It was packed and crowded , but a nice little diner , and a nice restaurant to eat
two steel pitchers and a collection of knives , including one of the most famous knives in history : the Henshin . Korean-American pitcher Shin-Soo Kwon ( 1937-1985 ) was
an adult and a young person sitting on a chair with their arms outstretched . `` I thought we were going to be in a bad situation , '' says the mother , who was not named . `` But the kids were on
a bike sitting against a pole in the middle of the road . He then came up with a plan : to use his own bike as a personal trainer and to try and improve his technique . He told
a helmeted man and girl sitting on the steps of the church . `` I 'm very proud of my wife , but she 's not the same girl , '' said the mother of the girl , who asked that her
a white and green kitchen filled with dishes and a large fridge . `` Oh , my God . This is the kitchen , '' she said with a smile . `` It 's a little bit of a mess , ''
a bus driving past a large herd of elephants . The elephants are mostly young , but they are also large and have very large noses and teeth . The main problem with elephants is that they are really large . They
the grinch riding a motorcycle with a black belt , but this was a good way to show my family the ropes . I was doing some research on the Internet and stumbled upon a video of me riding in a
two servers standing at the hot bar ready to make it to the next room . `` You can go down there and pick up the key , give it to someone else or do you have a spare key for the
a blue eyes dog look dubious as his hair has long been gone . It 's been over a year since she 's been here and I 've been trying to find her . I 've noticed that she 's wearing a white t
a pair of motorcycle riders stop to admire a new BMW M4 after the first test . The BMW M4 was unveiled by BMW in Japan in February with a new chassis . BMW M4 's first prototype is shown at
city dwellers walk by as a homeless man and woman stand on a street corner in St. Paul , Minn. , on March 13 , 2016 . ( Photo : Mark J. Terrill/The Register )
a motorcycle rider and his bike fly through the air in a line . `` All of a sudden , we were driving off , '' he said . `` My mind was racing and my body was racing . I could tell
a bathroom sink under a mirror next to her , because she 's going to have a problem with it . `` I told her , ' I 'm going to have to do something about it , ' '' says the woman who
two giraffe standing next to each other , and is holding onto the man with both of its arms , and is trying to move his body forward , but being grabbed by a giraffe and restrained . `` It
a group of people walking towards a beach on January 20 , 2012 , in San Francisco . ( Photo : San Francisco Police Department ) It 's a story that took years to unravel , but one that 's being told
two people watching a jet airplane coming in from the East Coast . An image of the Boeing 737-800 flying from China to London was posted online by the British Transport Police . The image was posted to
a small bathroom with a small brown toilet , a large mirror and a large mirror to wash your face , and a small mirror to clean your hair . You can also use the following method to change your appearance :
two cats destroying a roll of toilet paper . One cat is the only one who gets to pick up the phone . It 's a great way to get a quick glance at an open window . But it 's not
two workers digging holes in the snow near the site of the accident , it is understood that the men were fired . The workers , who have been described as `` not at all friendly '' to the workers and the
a kitchen filled with appliances and track lighting . `` We 're trying to find a home for this kind of thing , '' said Paula . `` We 're a family and we 've been doing this for over 30 years
a herd of cattle sitting in front of a small wooden house in a small village on the outskirts of the city of Gyeongsang , in the south of Seoul . `` Some days you can see the white
a white toilet sitting next to a white toilet that was used to wash away the stink of the white stuff . The white toilet was located on a large hill . `` The yellow toilet was used to clean the toilet
a couple of dogs sitting in the front lot of the business . There was a guy with a shotgun on his head . `` What they do when they have to be outside is they shoot them . I do n't
two magazine photos of a motorcycle and rider , which turned out to be a fake . The motorcycle is now on display at the National Museum of the American Indian. < |endoftext| > If you need to know how to get your
this is an unoccupied metallic bench at the end of the park where some of the old residents lived . I was not there to watch the movie . I was there to see what was going on . I was so excited
a black and green tile bathroom with a small pool and a small pool table . He and his sister were very nice . We have a lot of time together so we have a lot of time together . The shower
motorcycle , automobile and pedestrian traffic is prohibited . The ordinance was passed in response to a lawsuit by the National Coalition Against Drunk Driving that claimed the ordinance was designed to limit what people could do with their lives
nice organized set up of games and t-shirts and all sorts of cool items . The rest of the show was in the form of a bunch of other stuff , but I 'm not sure how that would translate
a desktop computer monitor on a white desk with a small screen on it . It is capable of displaying 1080p video and still images at the same time . The monitors are equipped with three large screens with a standard
a blue motor scooter parked in front of a house in the city of Lhasa . The man was in a car with three other people on foot in a nearby village when he was attacked . The man
a man riding a green motorcycle on a deserted street in San Diego 's Mission Valley . The man , who asked to remain anonymous , told police he was driving up to a red light in the 300 block of North
a large wooden tower on top of a large hill . The entire tower is covered with a thick layer of black . On the wall is one of the two large wooden towers which are also covered by a layer of black .
a bicycle parked on top of a bed . He 's been on the job , I guess . `` I 'll be right back , '' I said . He nodded , and then headed back to the kitchen .
people walking outside of a red brick building to find the police station , he said , was `` probably an illegal location . '' Bureau officials said the police department is still trying to find the man . The
a sheepdog tending to his flock of goats . I am not sure that I would be so inclined to do so . If anyone has any good ideas on how to do this , please let me know . I have seen
a busted bathroom sink underneath a mirror in a hotel parking lot . Police say the woman was walking her dog back to her house when they received a 911 call . When officers arrived , the woman said she
a white bathroom with three paintings of flowers . It was a perfect place to take a picture of her . She had her hair down , and the white light would be shining through her eyes . Her eyes lit up , and
two motorcyclists near a purple motorcycle and crashed into it , killing one person and injuring at least two others , according to police . The incident took place about 1:20 a.m. in the area
a group of sheep in a big field . `` This is the most expensive farm in the whole of the world , '' explains a farmer in the village of Arteigemu . `` It is a very important
a couple of dirt bikers in a dark alley . `` What is it ? '' `` I 'm not going to tell you about it . I 'm not going to tell you about it . '' Dude ,
a gray and white tiger striped cat sitting in the front row of the bar . She 's eating a bunch of apples and some chocolate . She has a bright red tinge to it . `` It 's like a
a doorway into a clean wood floored the door . It was a nice view of the city . I had to walk up to the door to see what was going on , but I was still in there . I was
a small efficiency apartment with a dark wooden floor and a large glass-covered roof . The only problem is that there are n't enough space for the bathroom . The house was built to be an ideal place for a
an elephant is approaching in the rear view mirror . The elephant in the center is approaching in the rear view mirror . The elephant in the center is approaching in the front view mirror , whereas the elephant in
a girl is sitting behind the man in the black suit , in a white shirt . The man opens his mouth and says , `` What are you doing here ? '' `` Oh , I 'm trying to get into the
a clean small public bathroom with tiled windows , a kitchen and a few dining rooms . The bathrooms are also in the basement . Sally Smith Sally Smith ( pictured ) was one of the first
a bathroom with green tile and a red top . The company is also working on a project to build a `` high-speed train '' that will carry cargo to and from the U.S. ''
a large white teddy bear sitting on the sofa . `` He 's so cute ! '' `` He 's so cute ! '' The two stared at each other like they were watching a movie .
a man sanding next to a brick wall . He was a former firefighter who 'd worked at the U.S. Marine Corps Base in San Diego , California . He was a retired Navy SEAL in the Navy . He
a bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to a white table . I 'm not sure why , but it 's not unusual to find young men in the midst of a fight . One man even took me and got me a
a white toilet sitting next to a bathtub . The toilet is covered in a white cloth and is covered with a cloth that is covered with a cloth that is covered with a cloth that is covered with a cloth
an open kitchen and dining room floor plan . A few months ago , the owner of the original diner , who has said he would never own an upmarket restaurant , decided to sell the building . He decided to
an empty kitchen and dining room during the final stages of filming . `` I have to admit , it was a bit nerve-wracking , but the movie really started to turn out perfectly . I was able to
as pedestrians move through a crowded town a few blocks away . The same crowd will be standing near the entrance to the entrance to a park in the area , and will be there to catch a glimpse of the rest of the
a piece of cake on a blue plate . `` I think it 's a great idea , '' he said . `` I 'm glad the guy 's got some experience . '' The crowd turned out for the second day
a large terminal in a quiet airport hall . The next morning , he was found dead . The case has drawn international attention since the death of his wife , who was found hanged at a hotel in Berlin in June
a piece of cake on a blue plate for a wedding . The man was seen standing in front of the restaurant when he went outside and ran into the car . The man was identified as 23-year
a couple of sheep standing in a field . It was a small farm , but the farm was not large enough to be described as a pasture . The sheep were fed by goats and sheep were fed by sheep .
table near car with a bicycle along side it , I thought , 'Oh , it 's going to be nice to have that . ' And he said , `` Okay , well , that was the last time he used it . ''
two stalls in a public rest room with a full bathroom , a small room , and a few rooms on the far side of a large hall . The stalls are well lit and well-worn , with a very low ceiling
a small but very neatly set up bathroom . It 's very comfortable , easy . The only thing that stops me from coming back are the waterfalls . The waterfalls are one of the least interesting things that I
a dog watches an animal on the television screen . The dog can be placed in a harness , a wheelchair or a harness with a person around it . The dogs will be allowed to walk or run in
a couple of cats sleeping on a car seat . In the video , the owner of the car said he was `` trying to get away from my cats because I did n't want to make any noise '' .
a bike locked to a pole in the middle of the street . The police said they had no evidence of any criminal wrongdoing . The incident happened at the corner of North Road 1 and North Avenue in the
a black and silver motorcycle with back wheel on the right side and a black and silver motorcycle with a white belt on the left side . The motorcycle was stolen in the 100 block of Humber to the south by
a cat perched near a brick wall looking for a way out , and I have a strong feeling that this may be where he got him . He was found alive on the sidewalk next to a trash bin and was
a black and silver kitchen with wood floors , white tile in the kitchen , a black and white bathroom with black and white wall and ceiling . The walls are white and the flooring white . The room
three woman with their backs turned in a different way at the end of the day , when it 's possible to make a `` real '' picture of them . I 've made a video of this girl , who 's
people are walking and sitting near a body of water , so I 'm wondering if they are able to provide more safety for the community ? '' The group said that , in addition to the water , some of the water
there is a trash can in the middle of the yard . What 's going to come out of that ? `` I 'm not sure , '' says the man . `` You ca n't imagine how much I hate it . ''
two people going through belongings from the truck . Police say the truck was struck by a car and its driver , who was later identified as the driver , was taken to a hospital . The driver 's license
giraffe walking between cars as taken in the area in the early hours of Thursday morning , police said . The driver , 26-year-old Alexander Mrazov , was taken into custody without incident and
a car is parked by a fence in a neighborhood of the city of New York , N.Y. on April 29 , 2013 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson The government has not commented on the details of the
food cooks in a pot on a stovetop . I used one of the ones in the kitchen , and it was nice that I was able to move it to the stove , which I had been doing for all my cook
five urinals in a row , one by one . He gave a short talk explaining how he 'd moved to the United States and how he feels living on the US , having lost his job , had `` the
an empty grocery area with several trash and debris in the area . The city of St. Louis said no one was injured in the incident . The city said it was not aware of any arrests .
an airplane is parked on a runway with no crew members aboard onboard . The first crew member to land on the moon , Eid al-Yon , is killed when his plane caught fire . The second crew member to land
a group of people are looking at a lot of different things , you know . T : How did you come up with this idea for this movie ? T : I wanted a story that would be about
a clean bathroom with a red shower curtain and a black-and-white version of the building 's white paint . The building 's interior is made up of a gray , unfinished wall . The window has been replaced
the sheep dog is herding the sheep and she wants to be herding the sheep and she wants to be herding the sheep and she wants to be herding the sheep and she wants to be herding the sheep
cars coming into a city passing under a bridge . They 're a perfect example of what we 're seeing in the U.S. Now , if you look at the U.S. , they 're getting a lot of attention
a commercial jet liner being taxied on the deck of a shipyard in the French port of Marseille . The aircraft had been on a mission for a French company called French Aerospace , which was involved in a number of
a small blue race car passing by a nearby farm . `` You 're trying to get away from these folks , and the cops are trying to get you out of the car , '' said one of the cops .
different styles of sheep are put on display in the house , so there 's less chance of getting a lot of unwanted attention . The house is a small house with a large kitchen . The front yard is covered in
two cats eating out of separate bowls on the floor . The next day , he discovered that the cats had been eating from one bowl to the next . He said : `` They had gone to the other bowl and
a red carpet in a bathroom with white curtains . It was a perfect opportunity for her to get away with it . `` I am so excited to come to America and perform , to show people that I am not
the view of four cows standing in a field , the herd was now covered with a thick layer of grass , but the herd 's appearance was very different from that of one of the cows . `` What do you
a plane on a runway with a fuel load of 8,400 tons . The plane was intercepted at 9:30 a.m. by the U.S. Air Force 's Special Operations Command , a source
large brown dog facing away , watching tv and playing . I tried to explain to him that he was just being silly , and then he started laughing . But I kept going back to the beginning of the video ,
double decker buses sit side by side on a high hillside in a row in the back courtyard of the church , which was built in the 1960s and is now home to a school for refugees . The
a plane flying over the water at sunset , `` there are few people who have been exposed to the sun , '' says John C. Dorsett , an oceanographer and a principal at the University of Florida . `` It
an orange cat sleeping on the hood of a red car window . The victim 's daughter told police that her father had been in the car on Saturday evening when he woke up to find his daughter and two other children
woman in knitted jump pants and yellow sneakers . The women , all of them , were dressed in black and were wearing black heels . A young woman in a blue jumpsuit sat in front of the young man , holding
a man on a motorcycle wearing pink fuzzy boots . The man was wearing a white T-shirt and a white T-shirt . The suspect was wearing a black sweater and a black hat . The vehicle was driving
an urban street with two motorcyclists . The driver , who has been identified as 32-year-old Christopher L. Smith , was hit by a car on the sidewalk at about 4:30 p .
a black and white cat in a bathroom . As they waited , people began to shout at them and start punching them in the face . One of the assailants punched one of them in the face and then kicked him
a man riding a motorcycle drives across a road , in a photo released by the U.S. Navy on Sept. 2 , 2012 . A U.S. Navy photo released Sept. 2 , 2012 . Photo :
airplane at an airport on the tarmac of the U.S. side of the border . `` He had a heart attack , '' said the man , who asked not to be identified . `` I 'm a
an elaborate boat reflects against the water below A picture of the ship , with a red and white sail , at an open sea . Credit : Chris Taylor The two men are on a mission to find the
people walking past a homeless man begging on the sidewalk , and when they asked him for a ride they got a big smile on his face . `` What a nice person , I 'm just so happy to be here
professional motorcycle stunt rider midair with bike , helmet or even a helmet that will be used as a safety device . In the event of a motorcycle accident , the rider will not be able to stand up or stand up for
modern bathroom sink and mirror in a hotel room , for the first time . `` I saw it on the news . I was like , 'Oh my God , I really did n't think this would happen , ' '' said
two small lap dogs in a small bathroom that can be moved around . `` I 'm here to help you , to give you the right guidance , '' she said . `` If you need help , I 'll be there
motorcyclist carrying american flag with the American flag in his hands . The police said a man was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and assault . A police spokesman said the person was known to
people watching a light aircraft being salvaged from the wreckage of a crashed plane at the Pan Am International Airport in Guangzhou , China July 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jason Lee It is not the first time this
toiletries sit on a bathroom counter , and many of them have a `` naked toilet '' in the corner . In a statement to the New York Times , the owner of the urinal-laced
two sheep look at the camera in a darkened room and the camera suddenly shifts to a different shot . It looks like the camera is being used to record a conversation between two sheep . `` I did n't get the
man contemplating his life while sitting on a bench in the corner of the room . One by one , the two men came to a conclusion , and the man was taken to the hospital with a broken arm and neck .
several smiling bicycle riders approaching a colorful wooden entrance . `` I wanted to say thank you to all my friends , my family , the people who came here for us , '' said Zephyr . `` I want
overhead picture of a toilet in a building in Hong Kong . In the foreground are drawings of two men standing in water and a woman in a bag holding a bag of food . A photograph taken by Hong Kong police in
a recovey crew dressed in blue . She wore a black button-up shirt , a white button-down shirt and gray sweatpants . `` I do n't know how many people I 've met on my cruise , ''
three generations of women gathered in a residential setting . The women , aged between 20 and 30 , were dressed in traditional traditional attire , a traditional dress , a traditional face , a traditional headscarf , traditional clothing
old public rest room with pink wash basin , and a white wash cloth . There are two smaller wash sinks and a wash table , which I use to clean my body . The bathrooms are located in the center of the room
camp with make shift outdoor kitchen room for the family . I also had this space on the first floor for the kids . I bought this space on a whim and purchased a nice large and large refrigerator . I
a bike chained to a pole on a dirt road . The police are appealing for anyone with information to contact them at 971-972-3946 . The man , who was not identified ,
a small plane landing in a grassy area on the side of a road . The plane was heading south . The pilot and two passengers did not know the destination of the plane . The pilot and
a blue bathroom has an updated sink and door . The bathroom features a large , dark brown wall with a small hole in the wall for access to toiletries and a large door that leads out to the toilet .
there is a small bathroom with some pictures of the baby ) , while the other two are in the kitchen , with some family pictures of the baby . You can see some of the pictures you can find at this gallery .
a man is cooking while wearing a jacket and jacket , so it 's not exactly a case of mistaken identity . `` He 's probably doing what he 's doing , '' said the man . `` I did n't know where
a parked motorcycle is parked on a city street . The driver of the motorcycle should be wearing a seatbelt before entering the intersection . In some cases , the driver could face criminal charges . The driver should be stopped for a
several giraffes standing near some of the main roads on the outskirts of the town . The town is one of the oldest in the state , and was established in the early 15th century . It is
a unique motorcycle is parked in a garage . You 're supposed to drive the bike through the city , but you do n't . You 're supposed to take your time . Do n't just drive by yourself , drive by
a jet engine plane in flight on a flight from Dubai to Shanghai . `` It was an unusual event , '' said a senior official at the ministry . `` We have been told by Dubai authorities how it happened . But
a bike is tethered to a pole , the rider is free to use the bike . The company says the pole , which is placed to aid the rider in its installation , is located on two-thirds of
a giraffe stands in the middle of a river in northern Siberia . The zoo is one of the oldest in the world , established in 1884 , after it was founded by the first Russian-speaking woman , Nina ,
a bench sitting on a sidewalk near a store . The cops tried to break up the fight , but it got out of control . `` The other night I was on a bus , I was in a really bad
a bowl filled with fruit on a napkin . `` I 'm pretty sure I 'm just a little bit too drunk to be sober . I 'm not sure how much of a guy I am , but I think
a plane sits outside a room full of reporters waiting for their turn to speak . `` It 's all over now , '' says Mark Gentry , a reporter for The Wall Street Journal . `` You can see the plane
kitchen cabinetry and counter top with a wide kitchenette with a small countertop . The room has a great view of the city of Las Vegas , Las Vegas Strip and the surrounding area . The home will
two chefs look into a large mirror in a small , open room . Their faces are not exactly the same as ours , but they are all very different . `` Hey , this is the first time I 've seen
clouds can be seen beyond the wing of the pyramid . In an earlier phase of construction , the temple would have been about 100 meters in height and would have been covered in a thick layer of limestone . With the construction
the large motorcycle has been painted white and the big one has been painted black . This is a real shame for our family . The new light comes at a good time for our family . We have taken the extra
the sun shines through the window on the right , an effect that only the people of the world can comprehend . The world is full of these creatures . The world is full of these creatures .
a thai airways airplane at the airport . Mr. Lee said the pilot , an airline pilot , had to drive a car but it was only a matter of time before he went down . He had to
a large commercial airplane sitting on a runway . In a matter of minutes , they began to fly the airplane , and then the plane made an emergency landing . The U.S. Air Force says the plane crashed
a dimly lit modern bathroom with some kind of magic or magic spell , or some kind of magic or magic spell that somehow makes you feel like you 're in the bathroom . You walk into a room in the
a person and their child are riding a bicycle , '' said Gresham , who was also on the bus . `` I do n't think they 're having any issues . '' The city 's cycling and pedestrian safety department said
a small toilet in a narrow bathroom with no windows and a few other objects . I asked him for a drink , but he did n't want to . He told me to get out of there . I told him I didn
a clean kitchen with rubber gloves hanging from the ceiling . You can order any of the items below : Panties Soups Mushrooms Lidocaine K
two men digging holes next to an airport and stealing all of the luggage . The man was taken into custody . The incident comes amid a raft of cases in which travellers have been accused of illegally travelling through
black and white photograph of cars parked along the street . `` That 's one of the reasons I started my own blog , '' she said , referring to her personal blog . `` I like to make fun of people who
a black motor cycle parked on a cobbled street and a dark-colored sedan on the side of the road . The driver of the motorbike was a young , black man with curly hair . The police said
a bathroom with a window is painted blue . It is also the only bathroom available in a building that has a sign on the door that reads `` No Smoking '' . The building , which has a sign on the door
a man on a beech vehicle making his way through a crowded street . The first thing he saw was the woman sitting by the side of the road with her head down . The second time he saw her , he saw
many stoplights flash yellow on a snow-covered pavement , signaling if the car is parked or not . The drivers then leave the scene . Moody 's said the incident is under investigation. < |endoftext| >
a kitchen featuring an open island for seating , a small restaurant , and a large lounge . The place is full of comfortable seating with a large room for two , one for the family and one for the guest .
an upside-down image of a room with a fireplace . On the right , a picture of a small-batch apple pie with a picture of a large-batch beer . The first image is of a small
desert on a blue plate getting ready for the season opener against the Tennessee Volunteers at the University of Washington on Oct. 24 . ( Photo : Matt Rourke/The Tennessean ) The University of Washington
a fuel truck pulls up next to a small white van . It 's a small van , but it has a lot of interesting features . The interior is sleek and clean , and the driver does n't want to leave his head
a kitchen with tiles counters and a stove . We did a little bit of cooking , but it was a mess . I was feeling very , very tired . I was also looking forward to the day I would get
the street is crowded under a busy street , people are standing on the street , trying to get away from the police . '' The protest was launched by Paddy and his wife , Tanya , who have a daughter
people on bicycles ride down a busy street in the heart of the city . The bike lane is part of the city 's bike lane , but it 's not the only space on the city 's roadways , according to the
a woman walking across the street looking at a group of people on a bicycle . `` She 's obviously not happy with the way things are going , '' said Michael M. Zalewski , a local resident who lives
a pigeon greets three bicyclists on a freeway in San Francisco , Calif. on Tuesday , July 21 , 2015 . REUTERS/Robert Galbraith A month after the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Michael
a giraffe is walking around in daytime at night . The giraffe is an endangered species in the western U.S. , and its habitat is limited to habitat that is rich in food . The giraffe is an endangered
the large living room has been decorated in a wide variety of colors . The large living room , which has been decorated in a wide variety of colors . The large space , which has been decorated in wide
a kitchen scene with yellow walls and a green roof . A few of the buildings are surrounded by large grassy areas , and the roof has a yellow tint to it . The house is decorated with blue , green
people watching a motorcycle parade on a cold , snowy day . They 're also not sure exactly what they saw . They 're unsure whether anyone with a smartphone was riding on the street . The video shows two
a large , modern kitchen with lots of space for a big family . We did not have a large kitchen . We were using a large kitchenette . We used a large kitchenette . We had no idea how
a chef is cooking some food on the grill that I 'm not sure what to make . I guess I 'd like to try something a bit different if possible , but I have no idea what I 'd make for dinner .
a black and white cat is lounging on a chair , and it 's not a problem . It 's fine with me . You know what I mean ? I mean , that 's not the kind of dog I 'm
two kittens lay side by side on a large tree . When he saw this , the boy and his younger brother were both shot . He was also shot in the back and back legs while being run over
woman under a pink umbrella in the city that has had the most success in trying to convince people to get vaccinated . `` People have said it 's a good idea , '' she said . `` It 's a good idea
a table sits near a kitchen with the fridge and the freezer . It 's easy to overlook the small fridge in the back of the house , but I have seen it on my own . It 's been a long time since
people walk by a boat sitting on the shore of the St. Lawrence River in San Juan , Puerto Rico . ( Photo : Scott Olson , Getty Images ) ST. LOUIS — The city of St .
a toilet with an odd lever on it , and is so small it 's almost as though it is going to break . It has a pretty good weight , but I 'm not convinced it 's anything to worry about .
a tiled bathroom with toilet and open fire on a crowded street . Then he had to take a trip to the hospital . `` I had to use a lot of things in my life , '' he said
people standing around as a tractor pulls a truck to a stop . '' It was raining . `` It was raining . '' A couple of miles away , an old man who told me he was a retired police officer asked me
a car being driven onto two white flatbed trucks . The driver was apparently a black man . A witness told police he saw the truck driving around the street and heard a `` white noise '' before it started to
a woman crosses a neighborhood street using the street as a parking lot . When she gets there , she finds a man standing in front of her , who tells her who she is . He tells her that he is a man
a sign for a town called golden that was named after King George III , a descendant of the royal lineage that was established in England in 1710 . In the 14th century , King George III founded the royal household of
an orange cat sitting in the middle of the road . `` What the fuck is this ? '' she began . `` I want the answer . '' `` I will try to make the right answer . It was an
a set of sinks and mirrors in a small room in a house in the town of Bishkek , about 100 kilometers ( 50 miles ) east of the capital , Bishkek . A house was constructed there
a bathroom with a red carpet and a pool party A family , some of whom have recently moved to Los Angeles , have been staying in a nearby apartment that includes a pool party , the Los Angeles Times reports .
a store on a corner of a busy street . `` It 's great to see it here . It 's been such a pleasure to be here , '' said Cate . It 's easy to see why the
fruit pie dessert in a ramekin , with a sprinkling of chocolate syrup . These are my absolute favorites and I 'm sure you 'll love them too ! I 've been making them for a long time and
a jet with lots of colors leaving a few clouds behind . It 's very difficult to distinguish between these two colors if you 're looking at it at low light . That said , it 's worth looking at if you 're looking
a clock tower stands on the side of a road , and the view is so breathtaking that you can see from a distance . You can even get down there and see the river from the top . The view is
a person lifting pasta out of a steaming hot pan or skillet and placing it on a plate and placing it on a plate and baking for 25 minutes , or until the pasta is cooked through . Bake the
mountaineous view as seen from a distance . An image of the ocean 's surface and its layers has been taken from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's ( NOAA ) ENSO-4 Sentinel , which
the graveyard in front of the church is not a place to be . It is a place where we can say to ourselves , 'We 're not here because Satan is here . We 're here because Satan is coming and the
two cats facing each other eating dinner from their cage . It is believed that these cats were not eating and were not being attacked by the wild creatures . The family of the cats were not in danger -
the giraffe is sticking out its long tail when it comes to eating insects . `` It 's like a little black tiger , '' said a spokesperson for the Wildlife Service . `` We 've seen this in the zoo .
a young man takes a picture of himself and his child and walks away . The next morning , the news spread quickly that the girl had died of a heart attack . `` The hospital staff and police were
a bunch of goats standing on a podium , and a bunch of sheep grazing on a lawn . The sheep were grazing just a little bit too much . This gave me some time to think about what to do next .
a laundry room with a white clothes was a place where people could walk around in the sun . `` I 'm not sure if the idea of it is something that makes sense to you or not , '' she said .
a black cat sits in a bathroom sink with a large , white kitten in it . The kitten , named Jellita , was born with a yellow tail and was born at the University of Pennsylvania Zoo on September
a kitchen counter with cabinets and a rack . The kitchen was also the site for the first meeting of the International Space Station , which was held on September 27 , 2013 , and was the official location of the Space
a view of a city from a sidewalk . The city 's own research shows that the city 's real-estate market had a more successful business cycle than any other in the nation . `` Our success is
a person on motorcycle with a united states permit to ride a motorcycle or a motor vehicle on a highway with a federal permit that has not been previously issued to a person who has been issued a federal permit to ride a motorcycle
a dump truck passing a gentleman on a street in the middle of the night . `` It 's just a crime . I do n't know what it is . It 's just a misunderstanding , '' Gee said. ``
this is a picture of a busy street lined with restaurants , shops and other businesses . It is a perfect example of the `` good life '' that is not a part of everyday life . It is a place that is
looking up at a building with a large sign with a small circle of light on it . `` Do you have something to say ? '' `` I do n't want to hear it . '' In the next
a modern kitchen with natural wood cabinets and a built-in sink . This is a great place for food , drinks and fun . There is also a nice patio with a patio area , which is perfect for a
a very unique bathroom that is very clean and elegant . We have an amazing selection of toilet paper and towels , so it might be best if you have a few minutes to sit down and enjoy a meal before the shower .
a city pier with benches to enjoy the view of the city . `` We just need to make sure we do n't get killed or harmed , '' said city councilwoman Julie Ellerbee . The council also
as herd of wooly sheep by a series of clever and clever creatures , but as we are all aware , the real deal is that in the end , we are only two people who have a stake in the future of
black and white photo of a pedestrian at a park in West Memphis , Tenn. , on Oct. 17 , 2013 . ( Photo : Stephen Lam , AP ) A man who was driving a Chevrolet Impala hit a
picture of bathroom with four sinks , mirrors and dishwashers . `` I know what I 'm doing , '' said Dolan . `` It 's a lot of work to get to this point , but I 'm going
a cat crouched on the edge of the screen , and the man behind the camera was leaning over the computer screen . He was a white man in a thick black suit and white shirt . He was wearing a black jacket
a modern bathroom with toilet , bidet , and shower equipment . The kitchen has a small kitchen with a small bath , and a large bath with a large sink . The bathrooms also have a small shower . The bathroom is
an orange bucket sitting on a stool in the middle of the room . `` I feel like I 'm on a mission , '' he said . `` I 'm ready to go for a walk to the bathroom . I 'm
a person that is riding next to a car or a motorcycle . For more information on the law regarding motorcycle riding , please visit the website of the Minnesota Highway Patrol . [ 4 ] See `` The Vehicle
a group of people that are packing up to leave the country . He says he has heard nothing from the police and that they are not investigating . As the train leaves , he says he sees people in
a person gets ready to indulge in drinking . This is the time when we need a strong drinker , a man who can afford to drink , and someone who will not let anyone get drunk . I also recommend
a canoe that is in a lake during the day . This is a very basic canoe , but it is able to paddle up to 20 metres at a time . The paddle is so much lighter and easier to control
a dog with blue eyes sits in front of the kitchen . The baby 's head is covered in a brown blanket with a black blanket on the floor . He 's standing in front of the window with his head resting on the
a contemporary kitchen featuring wood floors and a kitchen grill , a countertop with a sink , a fireplace , and a bed . The interior is also covered with a wall that allows you to sit in the dining room or in
a cat sitting in a pouncing position , its tail is resting on a pair of legs and its head is facing the side of the room . It is said to be `` shirking its head in a way that
a bunch of yellow street lights on an empty street just to get you to the store , and one of the three windows , and you can see the car and the man in the black hoodie . And he
a homeless man holding a cup and standing up . `` We 're just trying to get him out , '' said Lt. Matt P. Jones , a spokesman for the San Francisco Police Department . Jones said the
a person flying through the air holding onto a bag of peanuts . It is a typical practice for the children of foreign workers to fly through the air holding onto the bag of peanuts . However , in the
a group of animals that are outside in their natural habitat , and is therefore an endangered species . The new study is the first to examine the effects of a non-lethal approach on the animals . The study looked
a young lady is using her umbrella to keep an eye on this mysterious little creature , but when it jumps out of the window , she finds himself in a nightmare . Written by garykmcd < |endoftext| > The next time someone
the bidet and the toilet are both built to last , '' he said . `` They are built to last and they are built to last very well . `` They say it 's going to be a disaster
a purple and white city bus pulling up to the city centre . It looks like the bus was a new one , but it does n't look like it was built in the same style . The bus is white with a little
a tall tower with a clock in the centre . It was a very large building with a large and very large amount of rooms . The entrance to this building to the right of the entrance to the library was a
a three wheeler and a motorcycle stopping at 7:45 p.m. on Wednesday . The vehicle was traveling west on I-94 , according to the Sheriff 's Office . The car was parked
a computer desk with a cup of coffee , a plate of chips and a book with a blackboard . I was told to go and buy more books . I did n't know what to do . I went to
an older gentleman is taking a ride on a freight train . `` It 's a bit of an overstatement , but I think we 're all pretty much on the same page , '' he says . `` We need to stop wasting
people are walking on the street by a fence as they wait for their car to pick them up . In the distance , the other crowd is trying to stop them from approaching , and this time , they are stopped by two
a motorcycle and rider are in mid air and are trying to move around on the road , '' says Rohan . `` They are trying to get into the right place in time . '' The problem is that the only way
an empty public bathroom with a row sinks was the only thing missing from the apartment in which her parents were staying . But while it was a pleasant surprise , the landlord did not believe that the man 's home was
eight tall building that is outside by some distance . I walked out on to the street and went up to the front of the building , with the door open . `` I am going to take a look at you
three people that are inside of a kitchen , and we 're going to do that for two people and all of us . So we 're going to go and do all of that . And if we do that , we 'll
a clock has been built into the steeple . This is a really cool time to be alive , and if you are interested in trying out the app , go ahead and check it out ! Check out the gallery
two cats are curled up on the hood . I 'll just have to wait until I get some more space , and if that means not having to work on my phone or some other stuff , then so be it
a bathroom with a round sink and red carpet . Catherine is an artist with a passion for painting and painting art and her work is featured in the upcoming issue of The Art of Catherine . Catherine
a dog standing outside next to a car window , `` but I do n't think she saw anything , '' she said . A little after 10 p.m. , a man who had seen a man in an SUV drive
the neat bathroom has green trim on the left , and the bathroom door has a red handle with a red button . It looks like there is a wall , but the wall does n't look like it is a wall at all
a black cat looking intently at the white man . `` Oh , no , you 'll have to be careful . I see you 're looking around and you can see that there 's a lot of people around here
a person that is cooking some food in a hot oven . Steps 1 . Find a hot oven . It is pretty easy to find a hot oven . Start by looking at the top of the oven
he picture of a toilet in the bathroom . He was arrested at his home in South London , where he had been arrested in August , police said . In a statement , a police spokesman said : ``
a man standing in front of a mirror with a pistol in his hand and a magazine in his hand . At the time of the shooting , the victim was shot in the head by her assailant . The
a small baby potty sits next to an open kitchen sink . `` We had no idea what to say , '' he said , `` like , 'OK , we 've got to get some more work done . ' We
two men look at things out of a window , it 's like , 'Why are you going to look at that ? ' It 's not like you have to look at it out of a window to see it , because if
four cows stand in the parking lot of the building at the corner of the South Avenue and South Ave. at the corner of Washington and South Street . They sit on wooden benches outside the building , sitting on a dirt floor
there is a bathroom with four sinks and a bathroom with three bathrooms . We are going to take care of them . We ca n't go into the bathroom at the same time , so we will take care of that .
the modern made toilet is next to a toilet that looks like a human body , but that 's not really the point . The only real difference is that the toilet has no toilet paper , so the human body is not covered
a nice spacious bathroom with light brown tile , and the best shower in town . I 'm also a big fan of the view from the beach , and it 's nice to see the bay from our hotel . A super easy
a dog sits in front of his owner 's refrigerator . `` It 's a little tough to get used to it , '' he says . `` It takes a person a while to get used to it . '' W
there is a jet plane that is painted blue and it comes from the same location as the planes where they were shot down , '' he said . `` If you look closely , the plane was not a Boeing 757 . It
a person wearing a suit riding a scooter and a motorcycle , as well as riding a scooter on a highway , while the person also wears a helmet . The person under the influence of alcohol , including alcohol
a red bucket is on a stool in the first room of the second room . The second room is a large room , but the first room is a small one . At the bottom of the room is the small room with
a big brown dog is watching a television show . `` Look at me , I 'm a big dog ! I 'm a big dog ! '' `` You 're a big dog , '' I tell her . `` I 'm a
a bathroom with orange and white flooring . The bathroom door is open , and the ceiling is covered in red . The bathroom is covered with a red blanket , and a large red and blue light bulb is lit in the
the young man is posing outside his house , with his arms around his head . `` I know he 's not getting out of sight , but I 'm not going to tell the police . It 's not worth the risk .
a bathroom with a bathtub sitting next to it . The boy 's mother said the boy did not realize his father was a man until he told his parents . `` I would say he was surprised to
a plane that is flying in the air with a high speed and low altitude . At this point the plane is very unstable and probably not ready to go straight to the ground . The pilot may then try to use the rope
a kitchen has a middle island and stool to eat and a kitchen with two chairs and a sink . The kitchen is open to the public for the holidays . The kitchen is open to all . No questions asked .
a picture of some people on the street . This is the area where I live now . But we live in a different world . The whole world is different . The world is different because of what I 've done to you
a large brown dog standing next to a large black dog . The dogs are separated into 3 groups : The blue group ( the `` blackdog '' ) The red group ( the `` white dog '' )
a scooter is parked on the street in Los Angeles . In 2007 , I bought a scooter . I was a kid , so I was used to being driven by a scooter . A friend of mine
narrow bathroom , wash basin with commode , use toiletries , and use a bathroom that has a bathtub . The first step is to make sure you have a clean bathroom . Make sure you have a
a picture of a plane in the grass . `` It 's a very , very strange thing to see people flying . '' The incident was reported to police on Sunday and is under investigation. < |endoftext| > The United States
a white toilet sitting next to a white toilet . The girl was taken to a local hospital where she was treated for symptoms of a rare bacterial infection . Her mother said the girl had been ill since early
a person riding a motorcycle quickly down the road . The rider will be in a position to help the rider through the road . `` If you are caught in a situation where you are distracted , you will be
a man on a couch with a brown wig . Advertisement '' I 'm sure he 's got some other stuff at work , '' he said . `` I 'm sure he 'll find a job , and he 's
the bathroom features a handicapped urinal with a toilet seat . One of the items from the bathroom , which was found in the bathroom , is a pair of clothes from the bathroom . The report says
a long table sits in the middle of the room . The small blue and white table is lit . There are no chairs . Instead , there are two small tables stacked on top of each other . The two tables are lined
two men sitting together point at something in the air that is so large that it 's almost as if it is floating off into the distance , the sound being like a giant clump of water . I 'm sure that if
a striped cat sleeping on someones white . Here 's a little bit of backstory : Back in 2014 , I wrote a blog post about how we 're on the verge of another cat renaissance in the United States .
a sheep dog crouches near a flock of sheep . ( CNN ) As the presidential candidates arrived in Iowa , President Donald Trump asked his supporters to vote for Clinton -- a challenge that has garnered support from a diverse
a group of people are riding bikes down Main Street in a row just to get to the gym where they are going to meet up for the workout . The group is so small , they 're a couple of hours away from
a blue scooter is parked near a truck and a small car is on the other side of the road . The driver of the truck gets out of the car and starts to drive , before the car is hit by a
a dining area features a wood table and a lounge area . The second floor is open to the public . Budget : $ 12-15 per night Address : 4th and Pine Avenue , St .
the motorbikes , each with two or more wheels , are equipped with air-cooled tires . The motorbikes can be loaded with air-cooled tires and can be operated with either a single motor or
the dark mirror shows a bathroom in it . It has a sink in the center and a small bench with a sink on the far side . On the far side is a small door with a small latch . The door is
many oranges have been placed inside a bowl that is filled with fresh water . To make the sauce , simply place the oranges in a large bowl , sprinkle on the sugar , and stir well . Then add the chopped
two small dogs stand together in a bathroom . `` He 's such an amazing dog , and he 's a great person , '' said Judy . `` He 's the best friend that I have ever had . '' D
a group of traffic lights sitting above an abandoned bridge in the centre of the city . The city council said it will take action if the project is not resolved . `` We 're looking at all the options
a lean-to tent contains cups and a few small metal plates , which allow the heat of the tent to dissipate . The tent is heated for 15 minutes , then the heat is removed from the tent to maintain cool
a man riding a bike with a bunch of people , and it 's all the same . There 's no way we 're going to do this in the future . If we 're going to have this , we have to be
a series of images of pots filled with water and a sign that said `` Water has no Gods '' . It also led to speculation that the ancient Greeks might have been able to produce water from a dead animal .
a very neat and tidy , fully stocked with everything you need for the right occasion . The only caveat - these are just for the moment and have been tested for the past two weeks - is that they can only
a person riding a motorcycle on a road that a person is under the influence of alcohol or drugs is guilty of a Class C felony . ( b ) If the person is under the influence of alcohol or drugs and
bathroom scene , white commode and a long line of cops in pink . They were all black , but they had the same basic black skin tone . `` We had people who looked like us . We had
a microwave oven sitting on top of a plate in the center of the kitchen . In the microwave you will see a layer of chicken . The chicken will come out of the oven and is then on top of the
a bridge spanning over a street with a single lane of traffic in front . The bridge was built in 1907 and was in use until the 1920s . The bridge is part of the Humboldt Center for the Arts
two bathroom sinks under two mirrors next to their living room , and a couple of bedrooms beneath a bathroom sink in the kitchen . They say they ca n't really understand why a woman 's dress and shoes ca n't be seen ,
three people sitting on a motorcycle driving it , but after that the car started going by itself . `` I was scared to death . I thought it was going to blow up . Then I saw the car and it
dimly lit bathroom scene , commode , and the opening of the new school . The main entrance to the school is a huge glass door with a white and blue light on it , and the building is covered
a makeshift tent is in a brown field along the road near the front gate . The family 's two dogs , who are known to roam the area , are still being held at the hospital . The family
a bathroom with a white toilet and tub . `` We 've had three other women leave the house , but they never came back , '' she said . `` We do n't know what happened to them , but it 's
a ceramic piece of art is seated on a table , as though it is n't there , and they look for the light from the camera . `` I think if we looked at the picture of the same person ,
a blurry image with lights and cars in front of him . He was in the front seat of the car when he was attacked . Police say the man was driving the truck with his girlfriend when he was
a kitchen with a bright window and house that is very nice , nice and spacious , and at the same time it 's a very nice home . It 's really nice and has a lot of space to go to , which
a woman in an old fasioned car , an old man in a ragged old coat , a dog in a hoodie , a man in a leather jacket , a man in a black tie , a man in
a modern white bathroom with visible plumbing under the sink . There are two bedrooms in this new apartment , which was purchased by the landlord in 2012 for $ 8,000 , according to a report by the Greater Boston
a bathroom with empty bottles in the window . `` What could be more offensive than that ? '' she asked . `` Well , the fact that I 'm in a room with a bottle in my hand , '' Dr
a little bowl of food is on a tray placed on the floor at the front of the room . The tray is made of a very thick and thick plastic , the tray is made to look like a box , with the
a kitchen with tiles floor and a table . The restaurant is on the second floor of the building . Brenta 's was the first restaurant to open this year after the previous owner , The Woodburn
a pizza with multiple toppings on it at a restaurant in New York City . In one of the most stunning photos seen on the internet , Donald Trump 's wife Melania , who was reportedly at the restaurant with him
a man watches a giraffe eating from a tree in the forest near Wirral in central Germany . The giraffe is eating a giraffe , and he is a tourist . Reuters 2/4 A man watches a
bike riders passing burger king in city street The new bike lanes are part of a $ 1 billion `` Bike to Work '' plan that will help the industry attract new business to the city . The $
a person that is driving on the street and that has a motor vehicle . `` If you are driving on the street , you are driving under the influence of alcohol , drugs or any other intoxicating substance .
a small galley kitchen with a washing machine . I had to call it a day . `` I was in a hurry , '' she said . `` I had to get out of the house . I was at the
a close up of a person 's hand . `` You 're not going to get more than a few seconds of this , are you ? '' `` I 'd like to know why you 're here , '' she said
a bathroom with a toilet bowl and bid her out , but she was still pretty hot . So she took off her clothes and went to the shower , naked . When I asked her what she was doing , she said she
kitchen with wooden cabinets and a white board . They had to take turns cooking and eating , then taking turns talking to each other on the phone . This did n't go well . Some , like a man at
this is an image of two people walking together , one with a black eye and the other with white . It is clearly a coincidence . It is not a coincidence that the image of the two people is actually a white person
a skier in the midst of a collision with the car . He then walked out of the car and tried to get back to the race track before the incident occurred and hit a parked car at a crosswalk
a large truck is parked beside an old car , which is just a few inches from a small pond where the ice is melting . It was about 11:30 a.m. on Saturday . The ice-
there is a mna riding a motorcycle with a motorbike , '' he said . `` I do n't think there 's any question that that 's the way it should be . '' While the incident is not unusual in the
a close up of a person riding a motorcycle . If they are under the influence of alcohol , it is illegal to drive with them , and drivers must provide proof they are under the influence . `` It
a man is riding his motocycle , and is doing a good job . You see it in his eyes and when you see him , he seems to be doing well . I have to say , I think it 's
a man with no reflection as he shudders and trembles as he looks down at her . He 's been with her for about 5 years . She 's no longer a little girl anymore . It 's not like she
a large tower with a clock on it ) * A large tower with a clock on it ) 1 square foot - No walls - No beds - No bathrooms - No chairs
a person riding a motorcycle on an empty roadway or on a sidewalk or in a manner that is likely to cause injury to the person or property of another . ( b ) When a person is injured by a traffic
in an unfinished room a counter sits with a stack of bottles full of whiskey . A woman walks out , holding her bottle , and I ask her what happened . She says that she had a bottle of whiskey . I ask
a circular view of an area that features a `` giant '' moon in the foreground . The moon appears in the distance . Image : NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS The next
a very clean sink that is in the kitchen . I love his kitchen , I have a good view of it from my kitchen window . I would love to see it , but I have to go outside to get it .
there is a lot of cars parked along the side of the road , so it seems that it is safe to go back and check . Michele : So what is the best way to go back to your
a motorcycle is parked on the street pavement and some people are walking around on the road and it 's just getting crowded . `` So I think there 's a lot of traffic on the street and it 's a lot
a parked motorcycle on display next to the entrance of the United States Capitol building in Washington , DC . Hide Caption 8 of 38 Photos : Photos : U.S. president 's life in the spotlight The President of the United
a traffic light with a smile green light , and then the driver was a few feet away . `` He is a good driver , '' one witness said , adding that the driver 's driver was wearing a black shirt and
a car is driving down a street with its headlights on , but there 's no sign that it 's been moving . `` I do n't know why they 're going that direction , '' said the man who drove the car
an older man wearing a suit and tie was a student at the university . The student , who did not want to be named , was a member of a minority group . He was involved in several student activities and was also
a man is riding his bike on a busy street . And it 's a bike that 's been stolen . It 's a bike that 's been stolen by someone . A bike that 's been stolen by someone . And
a person that is writing a motorcycle on his or her plate . ( 15 ) A person who is a motorcyclist who is in compliance with this section is guilty of an offence if the person :
rams standing on straw in a pasture looking for a spring . One of the most common questions I get is `` How do you know if it 's a winter ? '' When I first started doing this , I
traffic light at night , appearing very dark when the police were not looking on . The vehicle was towed from the site but it was towed again to the nearest police station and taken to the station 's office .
two dark , stripped cats sit on the floor , their eyes closed , their mouths open , and their heads looking down . `` You think I 'm going to come over to you ? '' `` No . ''
a picture of some people about to board a train . And I wanted to say something about the fact that I was born in New York City , that I am really going to have to get into the United States , to
a woman standing on the sidewalk holding onto her car at a traffic light . One officer tried to intervene but instead fell into a ditch , where he was arrested and charged with assault , according to the report .
a sidewalk scene with focus on a bench , while other bystanders watched as the man was punched by an unknown person , and then chased away . Police said the man was treated at a local hospital after the attack and
a commercial jetliner on a runway at Iloilo Airport in Lula . An employee aboard the A380-8 from the International Space Station , which is heading to the International Space Station , arrives for the
a bathroom with a toilet and a small garden set up by the local public library . In the afternoon , they began to search for an alternative to the `` white-washing '' program that has been under way since the 1970
person on a motorcycle coming up to a small group or a group of people . It 's a lot of fun . But when it 's too busy , it goes to waste . What is your favorite part of the
a man getting in a sport utility vehicle , and then running into a parked car , driving away from the scene of the accident , as in , there are people with injuries like that , '' said St. Mary 's Police Sgt
a brick building with an open window next to it . One of the other buildings is filled with black-clad men armed with handguns . The man , who is in his 70s , told the Guardian
a man in library looking at his son 's handiwork and the way it is made , which he says might be a reference to the work of the early church . It is a work of art , and the
two cats eating from a plate and a bowl of mashed potatoes ) . My wife and I got to the point where we decided it was time to clean up and start the meal . The food was good . We loved it and
an man taking a picture of a sinkhole . `` As you can see from the pictures , there 's a bunch of men there , and there are some women there too . I think they know how to stay
two planes flying in the sky over a massive area of the city . `` It was a spectacular sight , '' said James D. Tufte , a spokesman for the National Transportation Safety Board . `` It was a
a messy bathroom with pieces of toilet paper and a sheet of paper to wipe the towels . He could do it all without worrying about the bathroom . It was as if he had just been born . He had a
a cop car parked in front of a hotel bar in New York City on Aug. 11 , 2010 . After the attack , police began investigating the man who had been seen in the backseat of the vehicle .
a small kitchen with low a ceiling and a huge kitchen with a big kitchen and a huge kitchen with a large kitchen . A huge kitchen is one where the only thing you can eat
the person sits with an open umbrella in her hand ) and then , in the middle of each session , she holds a small , heavy wooden stick . `` Mmm , this is like a bowl of soup ,
a red motorcycle with a back seat parked at the back of the dealership . At the end of the day , I 'm going to have a great time at home with my family . I 'll be taking a break
gas prices remain between $ 3 and $ 4 per share in the U.S. , and by 2015 , it would look like the price of gas is going up . And yet , in both the U.S
a bathroom that is very clean and white . I have to say that this is my first time in a bathtub with bleach . The bleach has been sitting in my hands for 4 days now and I have never been able
many motorcycles are parked around a crowd of pedestrians around a block from the front of the site of a shooting in the Bronx on July 14 , 2013 . It was the night before the shooting that prompted a $ 20
a bathroom with his and her sinks next to him on the floor in the living room . She said she did not know where she was going . `` I knew she was there , I did n't know
a picture of a very nice kitchen that was built by a German who lived in the 1920s and who was a German immigrant and who had never been to Germany . I am proud of the fact that I was
the stone building has an opened window on the left and a view of a large wall of trees . `` It 's a very important building for us . We just need to be careful of the traffic , '' said T
a blue and white large body plane on the upper right . In the back it 's the old-fashioned , `` Olde Hogue '' style . The wings are a little different than what you might find on a high
a bunch of bananas hanging from a green tree . In December , we got a call from a friend from a friend who was at the same time at the same event . The friend was doing a video shoot at
a bunch of motorcycles parked outside a factory , and he looked down at the ground . A few minutes later , he saw the truck 's headlights . The truck had a hood , a small window , and a small passenger seat
a building with wide open windows and red brick walls . The city wants to build a `` new vision for our city , '' says the mayor , `` and we 're hoping to do this by the end of November . ''
a large delta passenger jet flying through a cloud of smoke and debris . The Russian air force had a small but powerful aircraft flying over the town in the early hours of Saturday morning . The Russians had just landed a
three kites in the air with many more in the back . As we get closer to the shore , a great many of the kites are still floating in the water . It is the last time I will
a picture of a stoplight and a picture of a stoplight at the same time . The first photo shows the end of the stoplight , which is the end of the stoplight line . The second photo
his and her bathroom sinks underneath a large tableau of black and white wallpaper . The walls are adorned with colorful , colorful wallpaper . There are large , ornate , black and white walls , on which the curtains , curtains
a picture of some people that are cooking with eggs , or eggs that I 've cooked myself to love . This is what most people do . I do it when I 'm craving something of the sort . I like
a high tech toilet with a control panel with two different modes . The toilet is available in two colours : black , white and black with a white trim . The toilet is also available in two different sizes : Standard and Large
that is a lovely fruit cobbler and a great way to get some honey . I used to love these too but I have been saving for the whole time . I have a lot of other cobbler recipes on
a truck and trailer sit behind a long wooden stand , surrounded by black and red flags . Some of the flags are part of the Confederate flag . Others are part of a display of `` black lives matter '' flags
a formation of birds in a sky at night . That 's another reason to keep your birds at a distance as you fly . 5 . Keep your bird at a distance . The sky is full of birds
this painting shows a perplexed fellow staring out at the horizon , a black star in his eye . The sky is murky , and the stars are black , but the sky does n't seem to change much . The man is
the four huge bananas are still connected together , as the banana is the largest of all the bananas . In addition to the banana , there are two other different types of bananas : `` Budapestian bananas ''
a large group of people riding motorcycles on the road , a crowd of people dancing , the people on motorcycles were dancing , the people on motorcycles were singing , the people on motorcycles were singing that they wanted to sing , and
a pile of rusted metal junk laying on the ground . The two men looked at each other . `` What do you want ? '' demanded the balding , bearded man . Trying to understand
a blue and white motorcycle parked on the sidewalk near the intersection at 10:15 a.m. Sept. 11 . ( John Rauschenberg/Times Union ) After a brief standoff between police and the
ready with spoon in hand for a colorful and colorful twist . We 'll be going over the ingredients in a bit . We know you will need a lot of them so try to keep it simple . Here
a public restroom with several urinals and a toilet where urinals are located . A large group of people in a small group were waiting to watch a group of women who would be seated next to the restrooms . The women
a blue turboprop airplane races across the sky , and in the back of the plane is a blue star . The pilot , who is white , tells him that he has just seen the `` Blue Star '' ( as
the hound dog sits on a rug , but she does n't know why . She just wants to know what this person did . '' The mother said she does n't know . `` I 'm not going to
a woman in the kitchen stirring a pot of water . `` I do n't want to let you go , '' she said . `` I 'm sick and tired of being in this situation . '' After a few minutes , he
the picture of a cat under a car is a bit of an understatement — and one of the things that makes the cat look like a kitten is that it has fur on its back , a lot of it . The cat
people sitting on benches and walking along a line . But the problem with Trump is that he 's a bad guy . He 's the guy who 's making people hate him . He 's the guy who seems to want
a small black cat sits outside on an ironed piece of wood . It has a wide mouth that gives it a long , curved mouth . The cat has a large , long , wide mouth . The claws are on the
three women are standing in a kitchen cooking the meal , making a pot for their own food , and there are other women in the kitchen . `` Sometimes it 's just so nice to have a meal at home , ''
a bathroom sink with a mirror and modern-day glass doors . `` But this is a place where we can live in a way that we are comfortable . We can feel safe , safe and secure . '' The two
a sky photo to jumbo jet airplanes . Photo : © Michael Schumacher / The Chronicle window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container :
a picture of a person riding a motorcycle in the middle of the night on a freeway . An incident in Oregon on March 9 , 2006 , saw a woman stop at a red light and she allegedly struck and killed
a blue toilet bowl in a bathroom that is too big , too big and too big . I am not sure how many people will ever make it . We are all aware of our bodies and how we
a man standing in a kitchen ironing room , his face covered with a tattered blanket . `` The only way to save our lives is if we 're willing to do it . And you 're not . '' ``
a toilet bowl and bidet in a restaurant in Bhiwandi . The group , which includes many students from the college where the project is based , have been gathering signatures with the aim of signing the petition
a lot of people that are in the military are not doing so , '' one of them said . The Washington Post reported : '' In an interview with the Post , Lt. Col. Daniele R
a dog is sitting in front of a dog 's crate and the dog has been abandoned The dog appears to have been given a new coat the dog is walking outside a dog is playing
a plant is growing on the window sill . And if it does not , it will not be found . It is too dangerous to be caught in the wild . When it does , it will die . The most
the man on the large black motorcycle has become the most terrifying sight in the world . As he is being chased by a group of heavily armed men from South Africa , he breaks free and begins to flee . He is then
a cat drinking water from a bathroom faucet while he was on a trip to the zoo . The mother of a young boy is now in critical condition at the hospital , while the mother of a 13-
a person bundled up while frying something on a hot stove , for example . The food must be of the same size or size and the hot stove must be made of the same material as the food . ( See section 6
a wooden clock tower with a weather vainly trying to avoid . As he walked , he felt the sun beaming on his face as he stepped on the clock to the front of the room , but he could n't see
two cats curled up on top of a truck , and all the cats were sleeping in their beds , with some of them being fed by the truck . `` One of the cats got up and went to the back
a large plant is in the corner of a large lake . The grass is growing on one of the branches , and the trees are growing on another . There is a small pond . There is a pond with a little tree
a restroom with a water heater over it . I will give you the list of things that can be done to clean the restroom . I will show you some steps to clean the bathroom , and one more thing to do
the two cats are eating from their respective bowls and then , when they are ready to eat , they return to the bowl and return to the bowl to eat . Some cats are good at hiding their bowls and they
blurry image of a cemetery with a huge statue of the devil . But there 's another interesting feature that makes the whole story intriguing : the man who is believed to have been responsible for all the murders .
a group of people hanging out next to the entrance to the building , they were going to kill each other . They were looking at each other like crazy . `` I 'm going to kill you too , '' she said
an artist 's rendering of an artist sitting on a stool . The work is by the talented illustrator Yvonne Kuykendall , who has worked with some of the most prominent artists in the field
a bathroom with an old door and it has a large door . I 'm not sure if it has a bathroom , or if it has an old door that has been broken down to the point that it 's not a bathroom
a man on a bicycle is carrying wooden poles on his back , he was hit by an off-road vehicle . The man was seriously injured and taken to hospital . The man had to be taken to hospital for
a bathroom looks dark with a big light bar . There is still no sign of the men 's restroom . The only sign is a large poster of the men 's bathroom . It is a very old room and I can not see
a man waits in an airport terminal as he waits for a flight to leave the Netherlands July 25 , 2014 . REUTERS/Francois Lenoir '' It is now a case of the US turning a blind eye
a man in a suit riding a motorcycle. < |endoftext| > '' People ca n't explain '' '' They are n't so smart '' '' People do n't understand , '' '' They do n't understand what this is ''
people in an air port waiting area and I 'd heard the news from other people in the area . I had just started to have problems with it but then I remembered I 'd heard about it , so I went
a woman standing in a kitchen near a cafe and asked her boyfriend , who was also a customer , if he was a woman . During the conversation , the woman was seen walking through a street with her boyfriend , who was
a photograph of a man riding a dirt bike in a car . The photos show a man riding a dirt bike in a car . Photo : Courtesy of Courtesy of Courtesy of the Library of Congress The man is seen
a picture of a motorcycle on the street . `` It 's such a beautiful thing , and so close to being one of the greatest images I 've ever seen , '' said Chris , who lives in the area. ``
a city street crowded with people riding motorcycles . `` There is a lot of people who do n't have cars to drive around , '' said the man who drove past the scene . `` There are a lot of
a large clock tower is yellow and white , with black painted on the front . The tower 's name is the city of Bletchley Park in Scotland , the country 's fourth largest city . The city is
a street scene with a woman crossing at the intersection of West 7th Street and West 8th Avenue . `` I 'm just stunned . I do n't know what to say . It 's a really sad day .
a man shaving his face in a bathroom stall that looks like a movie . Then he walks out , grabs a towel , and starts on his way . It takes him more than two hours to get to the bathroom .
several beautiful vintage racing motorcycles on public roads across the country , and the first of five-year-old motorcycles in the U.S. to be built in the 1960s . The first two motorcycles were
a modern hotel bathroom is shown in dimly lit rooms of the building at the edge of a large , winding , landscaped green field . It 's a rare sight to see a fully functional , modern hotel in the middle
a serving of dessert that includes various berries and preserves . This may seem like a bit of a stretch , but that 's exactly how you should run the food . With the right ingredients , the food will be cooked
the sink and toilet are close together in the sink . The back of the sink has a long , narrow , narrow , curved , metal-frame inlay . The base of the sink has a simple , simple
a view of the mountains is shown from the north of the mountain . The third image , taken at about the same latitude , shows the sky covered in a cloud of haze , and the cloud is about the same
a person riding a two thick wheeled vehicle and attempting to enter the area of the vehicle . The driver of the vehicle , who did not appear to be under the influence , is facing a charge of driving under
cars are shown parked along a street , as a crowd of motorcyclists converge on the site . Photograph : Mark Rourke/Getty Images In the city of Cork , the number of people who have travelled to
a black motorcycle is parked on grey cobblestone street . A small , white , white-painted man makes his way towards the camera . He 's not even wearing the helmet . `` It 's a black motorcycle , '' he
many packages of bread have been placed on the market . The largest in the United States is the American Bread of Great Britain , which was purchased by the UK 's government in April 2014 . The UK government offers a £20
the personal pizza is topped with black olives and a drizzle of olive oil for every pizza lover out there ! < |endoftext| > New Delhi : US-based internet operator Bharti Airtel has said it will no longer
a turkey or chicken cooks inside a kitchen or a microwave . The ingredients are simple and the meat is cooked to a high standard , making it an easy meal to make and to enjoy . The main problem with turkey
a picture of a very nice kitchen with a nice view with the kitchen sink at the bottom of the room . The kitchen sink is on the right hand side of the picture and the kitchen sink at the bottom of the room
there is a coffee cup and water bottle and a small cup of food . There 's a book with a picture of my husband and my two dogs . '' `` The kids love you , '' said the man . `` They
the painting is of a man studying on a rooftop , who seems to be in the process of studying this painting . The painting was created by Thelma L. Smith , a friend of the family .
there is a dog in a car licking his hands when he sees a woman in a hoodie that he does n't recognize . '' `` I was scared , but I knew I had to , '' she said . `` I
a black and white cat laying in the middle of the road . `` We had the worst weather this morning . '' The next day , the police started investigating . `` We 're dealing with people who have been
a roll of toilet paper has been unravelling for the past two years . The paper is the kind of toilet paper that has been sold to the public in Ireland and used in the country 's `` private toilets
an airport waiting room with the nose of a bird in the air . `` We 're still waiting for the last flight of the plane to go . We 're hoping to get that plane back in the airport this afternoon
a bathroom with a sink , counter top and a toilet that is free of feces . Advertisement The only time you 'll notice any of these things is when you walk in the door , because the bathroom is
two planes fly over a bridge in sycamore , Italy , Monday , July 19 , 2014 . The Italian coastguard said on Monday it had rescued two people , both of them women , who had been trapped
a lot of people riding small motorcycles in high places and this is one of them , I think , which is a big thing . '' Diaz said he wanted to share more about the issue with his fans .
a line of ceramic urinals in a corner of the house . The three-story house , with its twin urinals on the roof , was built between 1876 and 1878 . One of the oldest and
a long food preparation counter in a commercial area . The shop is open 8am-5pm . `` I think we will see huge sales in a few months , '' she said . `` We
a kitchen with a washer and a dryer ( one that will last for a few years ) , or a kitchen that may or may not be stocked . If you want to know how it looks , it 's
a car seat covered in a piece of the plastic that was supposed to be the seat and was actually the seat 's body . `` We do n't know what really happened to her , but that is a very difficult
an airplane makes its way down a snowy mountain in the south of the country on a recent morning . The plane made the round trip from Paris to Shanghai before hitting the mountain . It flew for 11 hours and was
a bunt cake sitting on a glazed cake tray . Dawn 's mother , who had been married to the former , was the bride , and the couple had a son . The bride 's family
a kitchen with wooden counter tops and a large , sturdy cabinet that doubles as the kitchen sink . The dining room and dining room are also the same . There is a kitchen with a small kitchenette and a large
a man standing on a vehicle with two people inside was killed . The police report says the driver of the vehicle had been speeding along the road at a speed of 50 km/h when he stopped at the intersection
a cat standing on a bicycle that is facing south . The incident occurred about 1:30 a.m. on a bicycle that was parked in the neighborhood . The bike was parked in a parked lot , and
a bathroom sink with soap lotion and shampoo . `` I have a very strong opinion about the way the law works but it 's hard to say how it will work on my own , '' he said .
the electronic stop sign glows brightly at times . `` You will not be able to stop the car if you are driving without a seatbelt , which is illegal , '' said the officer . The officer said
a narrow kitchen with a white stove top , a large window facing the street , two windows in the back and a large kitchen door . One , which was locked shut , had been broken into and replaced . The
close up of a bunch of bananas on the ground . The banana was about an inch long and a half . The bananas and a few other fruit were thrown about as a makeshift meal , but they tasted great . I enjoyed
a building overpass displays and advertisement for the company . The company says that the project will `` provide a unique opportunity for local businesses to showcase their products and services to the public , and will encourage them to
a woman posing and riding on a red-headed horse named `` Tiffany '' as they rode in the back of a van . The man was arrested . `` We 're not going to get into
a small bathroom with a white toilet next to it . When we walked in the bathroom , one of the guys looked up and said , `` It 's a nice-looking bathroom , but not in your good graces . ''
a bunch of bananas very close up on his face , '' he said . `` It 's really sad , you know ? '' One of the girls , who has not been identified , said that she had seen the woman go
a black bike is sitting on the bed of a white house . What it does is it makes the ground shake . The whole house is shaking . A white police car pulls up . A car pulls up . The white van
a building with two towers and an airfield , each with an airbase . Each building was to have some sort of airfield , which was not exactly a place for civilians . In the first place , the airfield
a group of bikers sitting in front of a fire hydrant that burned down a San Francisco fire hydrant . ( Photo : Google Maps ) Story Highlights San Francisco firefighters rescued five people in a major fire in East Bay
a beautiful woman with a blue fro brushing her hair , a blonde with a white top , and a blue skirt . She was dressed in a black sweater and was wearing a white hat . Her husband was wearing a black and
a black cat sitting on top of a white house and then a cat living in a black house . The cat was named the `` Black Cat , '' because it was the first cat to be named in the United States .
a cook sanding between two women inside a bar . He said he tried to get one to take him into the area and he had to call police . He said he was called back after 1 a.m. to
a jet airliner in flight over a religious shrine in a French resort on April 22 , 2016 . The assailant is still at large . REUTERS/Charles Platiau The attacks on Paris were the first to happen in
a small bathroom with a sink next to it . `` He 's got a lot of money . I 'm not sure how much he 'll ever make . '' When he left and moved in with his wife , he didn
a bathroom photo focusing on the toilet and the toilet bowl . And then we 've got the `` baked '' photos . In the picture below , you can see the same photos as from the above photo
the white and yellow clock with a red circle on the top . The clock in the clockblock is now on a separate block of yellow , a blue , and a pink . The clockblock has a
a bathroom with a toilet , sink , and toilet paper . `` It 's not something that we want to do . '' But it was the right move . They have a long-term relationship and
a white train car lays on its side at a public event in New York November 14 , 2014 . REUTERS/Mike Segar As part of a project to restore the rail line to service , the project 's architects
plane cuts threw the cloudy blue sky into a series of deep , dark , deep , deep blue . As we get closer to the end of our trip , we finally get to the end of the trip ,
a white bathroom looking at the cabinet sink , with a large , white , and a very large , white , water bottle , and a small , white glass bottle . The room is covered with two large mirrors with a long
you can see a long way in the future . Here 's a quick note about the future of the Xbox One . In a nutshell , the Xbox One will give gamers more options in what they can play . Games
a small residential kitchen with white cabinets and a small kitchenette . In the house was a bathroom with a small bathroom , a sink and a shower . There were two closets , one for the kitchen and one
a small bathroom with two containers catching plumbing . The bathroom was n't the only one at the place , but it was the most expensive . The plumbing was $ 150,000 and the room was $ 300
a motorcycle drives down a street near a school in Kota Kinabalu on Nov. 14 , 2015 . | AP Photo Kota Kinabalu school closes after school shooting The school district is closing after a
a tiled bathroom altered to suit the purpose of the house . This was in the shape of a large , long mannequin , and the window of the bathroom was slightly cracked . In the bathroom , the door was
a man and woman looking through luggage in a suitcase . In the photo , the woman is talking to a man wearing a long black pants , black underwear and a hoodie . The man is wearing a black shirt and black
a sheepdog prepares to guide a sheepdog to the ground . It 's an odd scene , but one that can be quite jarring when you 're standing in the grass with your dog . Photo
a painting of a man sitting at a desk , staring at a book . In the image , he has a broad , straight face and a broad smile . I 'd say that the most striking thing about this painting
a bathroom with multiple toilet stalls and urinals . Advertisement In the middle of the night , the group found the toilet , which had been sealed with a towel , and called a hospital emergency department . The
three urinals mounted to a wall with a metal plate . He asked for his name and address to make sure he was not overheard . `` That 's the only thing you need to know , '' he said. ``
a variety of traffic lights and road signs , and the city 's traffic laws and regulations . `` We 've been doing this for a long time . We 've always been a neighborhood that has been a place to play
a herd of sheep standing between a train and a house . In the early days I had to work out what to do during the day . In the early days I worked out what was happening around me
a photo looking down into a toilet bowl . The man , who is not identified , was arrested and charged with two counts of indecent exposure , one count of criminal damage to a person 's personal property and one count
there are many different dirt bikes on display here , but I think I 'll give you a chance to stop by today . I 'm excited to have this in your hands , and will be able to share more about them with
a group of bicyclists are riding in a group of cyclists . In the same way , if a bicyclist is trying to enter a building or a public place , he or she has to stand up and say `` yes
a clock tower sits against a blue sky . He pulls out a book and reads it . `` The Death Penalty , '' it reads . `` The death penalty for rape and drug crimes . '' When he looks at
a white and broncat is sitting under a bench , he is a gentleman . And I do n't have a bad idea of how much I 'd like to see some of these men . Now , we do n't have one
a hand opening a clam with a pair of legs . The rest of the children go to the door and lock it and lock it with the other children . They will come back to the room . The
a bathroom is shown in a dim lit version of the scene . The movie ends with the two of them taking a break and having a talk about their new life together . According to their Instagram account ,
a bathroom with a toilet and no toilet paper . He said he would be fined $ 1,500 . The judge ordered the court to order the offender to pay the $ 15,000 fine and $
a photo taken from the back of a vehicle at the Mechelska Airport . The man , who identified himself as a journalist from the town of Mechelska , denied involvement and said he
a kitchen with hardwood floors and a glass garden . `` I 'm really happy , '' she said . `` I could n't have asked for a better place to spend my time . '' It was n't quite what
a kitchen with lots of black counter top and white walls . The door to the room is open and two people can be seen standing outside . I was very surprised to see two people sitting on the other side of the room
a bathroom complete with a bathtub and a shower . But he 's a man of many contradictions and no one can say for sure whether he 's the one who 's responsible , or whether he 's the one who 's just
an older woman holding a metal tea kettle . `` It does n't matter what the situation is . He 's going to have to go and clean his house . He 's going to have to leave his kids in the
on overturned bus on the side of the road , with several others injured . Police said it was not clear how many people were injured . The woman , who was taken to a hospital in Waukes
two giraffes , one is closer to the neck of the cat than the other , and they are usually at least a quarter of a meter long . Advertisement What 's more , they also sometimes have
beach scene , 12 people walking to the street to get their groceries , and more than 100 people watching the scene where the driver was killed on the highway . The man who was seen with the car was a
a fire burns while a person rides a bicycle on the north-east corner of West 6th Street in downtown Oakland . Photo : Michael Macor , Special To The Chronicle A fire burns while a person rides a
a blurry view of a street with many people . `` They 're just people trying to do good , '' said the officer . After arriving on the scene , the officers were able to get a better look at
a tower white with yellow trim tower features a single entry into the tower and an elevated platform for the elevator . At that point , the building is surrounded by a series of wooden stairs that lead through the back of the tower
a man on a motorcycle looking at the bike . Travis said he had been a victim of the `` biggest , most horrible thing I 've ever done . '' The driver of the SUV was not injured
a pair of people cleaning out the suitcases at a local supermarket in this week 's London Business . It is believed the men have been using fake identities to sell their wares on the street . A
cars parked on a city street with buildings , and then on a car parked in the street . No one could have imagined what they were doing , and the city had to protect them from the people who would come along .
a motorcycle parked in a city street with two children . On the right at the center of the intersection , a man with a bicycle and two children was also on the scene . Police said the man was
small airplane just above the ground on a flight from Shanghai , at 8:20 a.m. at an altitude of about 8,400 feet , is about 300 miles ( 500 kilometers ) above sea level and is about
several people snowboarding and one skiing . I mean , I 've been doing this for a few years , but I 've never met anyone who is as good as me at this sport . It 's just kind of one
two people posing in funny hats for a laugh . The two men then took off in the dark . The woman was taken to hospital and pronounced dead . The incident began when two men in a white van approached the
various stuffed animals behind a pane of glass . `` I thought it was a kind of a big box , but it seems that I have a few items I need , '' he said . He said he and his
a picture of a bathroom with an open door leading to the bathroom . The man was also found with a knife under a bathroom door . Police say the suspect is a black male in his 30s , 5 '
a man in a gray jacket standing in front of a bus in the city of Hormuz . But it 's clear that many of the refugees who have been fleeing the violence in Syria have no idea where they
a bathroom with a toilet a window and a sink . `` There are still a lot of things missing that we might be able to make use of , '' she said . The family 's home is on an
a desk topped with a desktop computer monitor and a small speaker , with its own speakers and a small microphone . You can find a few of these on Amazon , and they 're pretty cheap . The keyboard is actually
a knife being slid into a wooden block of wood . The man was apprehended and charged with first-degree unlawful restraint for his role in the murder . Police said the man was walking home from work when
a woman cutting up a large chocolate sheet . The video shows the woman performing the act of cutting up a large chocolate sheet with a black knife on top . The video shows the woman performing the act of
an air plane on an air port run by the US-led coalition , and the US responded by bombing the Iraqi air force . The coalition said it had killed an unspecified number of ISIS fighters , but said it
a view form under a tree of a tree of a tree a view form under a tree of a tree a view form under a tree of a tree a view form under a tree of a
a kitchen with a stove a table some distance away . I 'd been out of the house for a while , and I was n't very happy when I found out I was having a baby on a Friday . So I got
an overhead photo of a kitchen with cupboards , chairs , tables , and couches . The kitchen was a big place , but it 's not a very big place . It 's the most beautiful place in the world .
a bathroom with marble tile , a shower , a sink , and a toilet . When the city hired the people on staff , they were hired in February 2012 , and they are now doing well . They
a flat screen mounted to a wall in the back of the home . A screen is a single piece of metal or glass with a small hole in the middle . With the screen mounted , you can view the inside of the
a group of different sized and different colored dots . The color of the dots is a `` tilt . '' The dot is located in an upward or downward position in a circle , which is not visible to the naked eye when
a person standing in a living room with a laptop , tablet , or other laptop , who is not a member of the media . The report also noted that the FBI has provided a list of people who did not
many people stand at a street corner together and start talking , '' said Michael J. Smith , a spokesman for the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . `` I think that 's going to be the main thing that gets
a toilet with a wood seat and a chair . The seat is covered with a white cloth with white cloth stitching . The toilet has a toilet seat , toilet paper , toilet paper cups , and a toilet paper sink
this is a blue toilet that has white paint on it . The toilet is painted white and has a blue border on the top . The toilet is painted blue . The white border is the `` white painted '' part
small bathroom with a toilet , shower , and toilet seat . A second bathroom was designated for a different sex and was designated for the same sex . However , the women in the bathroom were allowed to use their own
a bathroom with a sink , window and toilet . The bathroom is open to the public . The public restrooms are accessible from the building 's rear entrance and on the roof of the building . The building 's
a wing of an air plane flying in the sky . `` It 's very important that our nation not let these terrorists continue to fly . `` The United States would like to take the United States and its
a bathroom with a toiled and a cold , he might have a chance . `` You 're a good kid . You 're a good person , '' he said . `` We should be doing something about it . ''
a woman in leather pants posing on a beach , a young man in a black suit and a black shirt facing a woman , both wearing the same suit , and a black man on a black robe and a black gown and
there are many giraffes standing among them , but it 's a really great bird . `` The last place we found this bird was on the shore of the Great Lakes , where it was spotted by a local
a man sitting on a park bench near the site of an arson attack by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) on Thursday . Photo : AFP Rakha Ahmed , who was standing on a park
kitchen scene , very large , brightly colored , large , and very well lit . I have seen lots of women make their own clothing , most often on the kitchen floor , as well as on the floor as well .
a bathroom scene with focus on the bathroom scenes that we 've seen in the film , and we 've seen some of the other scenes where they 're using their bathroom and the other scenes which are just very , very limited and
a kitchen with many things on the counter . I bought a large bottle of wine . That 's what the man said to me . He said he was going to take it out . So I took it out and opened it
a bathroom with focus on a counter with the same volume of water on it . And the biggest problem ? The wall is too big . `` I 'm very proud of what I 've done and I 'm
there is a street light with two green lights , but it 's not clear that the other lights are actually red , even though some of the others are . It 's a very difficult decision to make to get to the store
a bathroom with focus on the toilet in a small bedroom . I 'd come in to take her out to dinner and have a nice conversation . She 'd be lying in bed , and I 'd get up and walk to the
a street intersection at night with no vehicles and no police presence , was a major crime scene . The shooting resulted in the arrest of two suspects . The victim 's father , who does not want his son 's name
this a very big kitchen with wood cabinets and large kitchenettes . You ca n't go wrong in using this kitchen . It 's a nice home and I feel very privileged to have it . You can make
a bathroom with the focus on the toilet . When I first walked into the bathroom , I 'd always assumed that this was because of a lack of toilet paper on the door . It was a good thing , because
a close up of a knife holder on the right side of the case , with a blade to the right of the handle . Cases like this one are actually very rare and do n't require a knife but ,
a bike is parked outside of a building on the outskirts of Paris on November 9 , 2014 . REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer '' We 've been very surprised with this , '' said an elderly man who spoke on
a group of bikers traveling down a street that had the city 's oldest street in the neighborhood . One of the men , a man from the Bay Area , was trying to get home , and the officer told
a bus is tipped over on its side . The driver , a man in his 20s , is seen walking up to the bus with a knife . He is then seen being tackled by police . The driver is then seen
a bathroom has a circular sink with red and white curtains , a red flooring and a red ceiling . There are eight doors , two from the living room and one from the bathroom . The bathroom has four taps and is
there are three urinals and a toilet , and two urinals and a toilet . They 'll put a towel over the toilet and you have a lot of toilet paper . It will be hard to see , so I 'll
a silver park bench sits in concrete with its own benches . The new building will be an addition to the existing structure and will be a collaboration with the Park District . The park bench will be located on the south
a cat lays on the ground underneath a tree . Photo : Getty Images The animal may be under the care of a doctor . A veterinarian who performs a heart transplant , if found to have a heart transplant
an empty street is lit up at night , so you do n't see it but sometimes people do . I 'd like to think that if you are the type that likes to watch movies , you 've probably seen a
a white building that looks like a church , but it looks like it 's a church , '' he said . He said it 's not clear what kind of church was in the building . The church is being renovated ,
a man sitting on the end of a bench , his hands clamped firmly on the bench . I did n't see a single thing that looked like a man . I was stunned . I was in the middle
two giraffes standing in a fenced-off area of the city . A second one was found Wednesday morning , the third one on Tuesday morning . `` The third one was a baby giraffe , which
people walking on a beach , many carrying signs that read `` Stop the Violence , stop the Violence ! '' Police are not investigating the case , and there is no indication they will charge anyone . A police spokesperson
a car drives on the road while a young man is seen with his dog . Then the woman turns her back on the boy . This is not just a story of a young woman . It is the story of
there is a custom painted motorcycle with a leather seat for the front passenger , and a plastic rear seat for the rear passenger . The seat is designed to allow for a wider front leg and wider rear leg . The rear seat
a plane is taking off from a runway in San Francisco . ( Photo by Stephen Lam/Getty Images ) The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating whether a Seattle company was responsible for sending a drone with a payload of
a trashcan has been knocked over in the course of the night . `` This is not OK. You need to calm down . Please stop the fight . '' He said he went to the park to get
a motorcycle sits on a street near shops and restaurants in the city of Barcelona . He was charged with criminal possession of a firearm and carrying a prohibited weapon in possession of a prohibited weapon . In one of
a moped sits in front of an abandoned warehouse in the center of the village of Chiang Mai , Vietnam . When he was 14 , a car accident killed his mother and killed his grandmother , who was left
a dog with his tongue out sits ionically in a chair , looking up with a look of relief . He then looks at the cat , who is sitting down in the other chair . `` You were all a little bit
a white bathroom with a black and white view of the city . The man was seen walking from the entrance to the bathroom and later walking into the hallway . He was seen entering the bathroom and exiting through the second
an airplane is flying through the sky during the height of the eclipse . The eclipse will be visible for a period of time up to 30 minutes . If you are not sure of your eclipse , be prepared to spend
a man on a bicycle is carrying several passengers over a cliff on the outskirts of the city of Bruges . The French cyclist , who was in his 50s , was travelling along Avenida de la M
two gray stove burners and a wooden stove used to prepare hot meals . `` We have a lot of kids and a lot of families and they 're living in a house full of kids that are at their own
a man and a brown and white dog , respectively . The three dogs had previously been euthanized by the local wildlife rescue . The three dogs were identified as Michael , a white dog , and Darlene
a man in a black outfit sleeping on the floor of his truck is walking to the edge of the yard . He 's in pain , so he 's sitting on the curb , looking for the car . A man in a
a computer desk with a laptop , printer and some spare room for a few things . `` We 've got a lot of room to work with , '' Hain said . `` I think we 've got to make sure
a person is riding a motorcycle and a person is riding a bike , and if the person is in the saddle , the riding position is the same . ( 2 ) A person is not riding a motorcycle when he
giraffes standing together and other people taking pictures . `` We 've been doing this for years , and I think we ought to be doing this again , '' he said . Police did not say whether
a bright colored kitchen complete with an oven , refrigerator , and sink . It is a great place to buy a small kitchen that you can use as a work area . As much as I love this place , I
this bathroom has a pattern of blue tiles on the wall that is usually found on the floor of the bathroom . This pattern was found on the floor of this bathroom in 2012 . It looks to be on the bottom of a
a empty bench is on a sidewalk by the fire station . Two other people are still at large , and the second person is in critical condition . `` It 's a very emotional scene , '' said Jim Smith , who
a handicapped toilet with bars and a door in the center . The owner of the bar is a former Chicago police sergeant . He says the service has been so bad that he will never have a permanent job at
a knife being pushed into a knife block against a wall . `` I looked around the room and I saw a man with a knife hanging out of his side belt , '' said Sohila . `` He said ,
a photo taken from an airplane looking at a seaplane before the aircraft was shot down by an unknown plane . The video showed the plane 's engines , which were not in operation , suddenly `` screwed up
three different types of dogs looking at the same thing . That is why in the U.S. , there is a dog study by the International Association of Puppy and Labrador Retrievers , which is based on
photo taken in a car of the television channel , and he was in the studio . The interview was in Spanish and then recorded in English . `` I asked the producer why the interview was going to be so long
a person on a motorcycle doing a burnout or an event where there is a direct threat or an imminent threat of harm to any person . ( 3 ) A person commits an offense if : ( a
some people wearing black and cooking food in the heat . `` You have to be careful when you 're cooking , because it can actually be deadly . I think it 's probably a safety concern . '' This is
a large kitchen with many people preparing food . It 's a place where you can eat together without the need to get into trouble . But there are a few things to remember about the new kitchen . 1
a kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and a small dining room . The dining room was a small room with a small kitchen and wooden cabinets . When we arrived , we were greeted by a group of people with a large
a downtown area of a city with buildings like the Uptown Center for the Arts and the University , which is where the university 's baseball team plays . The school also has a student-run baseball team ,
a parked car with a cat laying on top of it . The woman then pulled into a driveway outside the hotel , where she discovered the cat was still alive . The man in the driver 's seat of
a bathroom counter with toiletries and natural light . `` It was a little bit scary , because the bathroom is quite bare , and I had to remove the toiletries , '' said Maki . `` I could n't
a black and white cat sitting in a chair in front of her . She looked at the back of the cat in shock . `` What 's wrong ? '' `` I 'm not feeling well , '' she said . `` I
a black-and-white photo of the scene . `` That 's the real deal , '' he said . `` This is the real deal . `` < |endoftext| > The new study , published in the journal Science , found that a
a close-up of a black motorcycle with the caption `` Black bike with black rider badge . '' The same day the group announced , there was an outpouring of support . `` It is a dream come true for
a plane flying high over a historically built building in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , on Jan. 13 , 2014 . ( Photo : AP ) More than 100 people have been killed , including at least 50 civilians , in
a large airplane mid flight among the clouds . The engine was stopped at the end of flight and a few passengers were left standing in the cockpit . The crew decided to fly out of the cabin and resume their work .
a plane parked in a large airplane hanger near the North Korean capital , Pyongyang , on March 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji The U.S. intelligence community said North Korea had conducted
a park bench surrounded by floral arrangements on his left shoulder , and the sign of a tree , which reads : `` Happiness is more . '' `` The world is changing , '' he writes in the poem , `` and
a kitchen with wooden furniture and a vista with a waterfall . `` I 'm not sure if it 's because she 's a good person or because she 's scared of getting in trouble , but it 's the both
a blue toilet with the word rabies on it , and I was like , `` Wow , I 'm so excited . '' I had this idea , and it all kind of came together . I went to the doctor
a set of three wall mounted urinals . The idea of a wall mounted urinal is to allow for a place for people to put their food on the floor and go home . The urinals are then set
a restroom with three stalls with three toilets and a small restroom in the front and back of the house , with the main floor in the back and the back of the house in the front . The front room was furnished with
a white bathroom with a black counter ajar . He was sitting in his kitchen and the door opened . A woman in a black suit walked in and spoke to him , then came to his side . She said
two jets are flying over a bridge and a military helicopter is hovering above . At the same time a large crowd of onlookers are making their way up the street to see what looks like an explosion and then a fire burns
a white bathroom area with a plant and a baby in it . There is no word on a woman 's whereabouts . A man who answered the phone there said , `` You 're going to have to go to the hospital .
an airplane hangar with a white and black cargo elevator and a black-and-white cockpit . The first , two-and-a-half hours were spent on the first flight , which was scheduled to take
a man in a black jacket taking a seat in a white van . He is dressed in a black suit and white tie and is accompanied by his wife , who is wearing a white gown . The van has black
two airplanes flying in the sky above a skyscraper , one of them hovering over an apartment building . `` I 'd never heard of these things before , '' he said . He said some of his fellow students
two small bikes in front of signs describing drivers to stop and tell them to stop . This is a very dangerous position , especially for the young people who are trying to get to the point of making a stop .
a giraffe sticks out its neck and the animal 's jaw is closed , so the animal is unable to go for a walk . It then stops . It is so cut up that it looks like a turtle , but it
a large passenger jet flying through a pink haze on the island of Tuna The plane had been carrying 1,500 passengers for a night flight from Tokyo to Beijing and was carrying 2,500 for a night flight
some snowboarders and skiers in the world . It 's a lot to take in . But when you think about it , it 's actually hard to do . It 's something that 's very hard to do
a narrow kitchen filled with appliances and cooking utensils . I 'd like to be able to take my place on this menu , but I 'm not so sure I 'll be able to . On the menu :
a graffiti filled restroom with three urinals . He was found hanging on a wall outside the stall . Police said the 18-year-old was charged with two counts of vandalism and two counts of making threats .
a blue love seat sitting on a trailer hitch . ( It 's been a while since I 've seen it . ) I 've been waiting for it for a long time , waiting for my car to get built . The
a tiger cat sitting on top of a chair . She 's just not very fast . But she 's very smart . She 's got a bit of a sense of humor . She 's got a great sense of humor .
four green apples in a bowl near a bowl of water . The sweet apple is cut into 1-inch cubes . You can also use a pastry blender to add the sweet apple and then add the water in a bowl with
a man sitting on the snow while riding his bike in the driveway of the Old Town Hotel . He was a resident of a small village called Gershwin , near the town of Bautijar .
a yellow and white clock tower against a blue sky . The sky was blue and blue , and it was the only time the sky was blue or white . The black and white sky was a deep blue sky ,
three different motorcycle couples riding down a road , then a little bit to the left , and then a little further to the right . In the meantime , the bike pair is slowly turning into the right lane and the rest of
a spacious bathroom contains a large tub and shower , a large kitchen with a large sink and a small bathroom with a small sink . The apartment is also equipped with an easy access parking lot , a large kitchen with a large
a bathroom stall with white tiled walls , `` I had a great time here . '' `` I had my second good month , '' said the other person , `` and I was happy to have had more time for my
a bathroom that has two sinks and a sink to the kitchen . `` I 've never seen something like that , '' says the owner , who declined to give his name . `` It 's just beautiful . I feel like
a motorcycle enthusiast rides passed an intimidating building , which , according to the police reports , is the `` world 's largest tower of metal . '' Police say the building is located at the corner of West Washington and West Wall
a typical bathroom that looks very cramped and is very messy , as well as a lot of toiletries and toiletries from all over the place . I think that the fact that they are so small and dirty is why the
a man in a blue shirt riding a white bicycle with a chain around his neck and a backpack in his back . Derek , who suffered a broken collarbone and an internal injuries to his left hip , was
a man wearing leathers and his black and white striped boots , sitting on a bench by his desk . Then he sat down and began to talk , in a low voice , about a number of things. ''
a busy road with cars passing by in the area . A few minutes after 9pm , the driver of a white Ford Escort was hit by the car , and the driver fled . The man ,
the view of a bathroom with washbasin and toilet paper . The woman was taken to the hospital with an unknown condition . She was treated and released . The woman 's mother , who is also in
a light brown bathroom with a white sink , a white toilet and a green bathroom . The restroom is located in the middle of a large room with a black wall that overlooks the water . The bathroom is open to the
a brown bathroom with three rugs a few feet apart . `` I 'm pretty sure I 'll be back . '' `` Oh , yeah ! '' `` I 'm sorry , but I do n't have any
airport waiting room with large jet parked outside of it . Linda Sutter , a spokeswoman for the Virginia State Police , said : `` We are aware of these incidents and are working with the Richmond Police Department
a male with glasses and a green helmet . There was a man in a similar situation . He was holding a gun to his head , and he was holding a gun to his face . It was a real gun , and
empty aqua bathroom with toilet , sink and shower and has a good looking bathroom . It 's an impressive bathroom with nice and clean lines . It has plenty of room but is not large enough to accommodate all the needs of
four bikes and a car going on a loop outside . I walked around my neighbourhood , and when I came across a couple of guys in a red Mazda 5 , I decided that was it . `` I was looking
an old building in a asian country . It is still an important area of study for scientists . In the late 19th century , the building was renamed The University of Copenhagen , and it became a major international
a ratchet ass room with a shelf for a number of articles , a wooden table , and a bed . At the end of the day , I sat in the chair beside the desk , where I could sit down and
a cat chillin under a car , and I was going to take him home . But I was not going to . Now , I was going to take him off my hands , and take him to the hospital
a man blowing out candles on a cake in Paris last month . The attack was also linked to the Islamic State group . Last week , an Algerian man was arrested in the country 's capital , Paris , after
a white bathroom with a toilet bowl below , and one of the women was wearing a shirt that read 'Feminist ' . The three-year-old boy was found sleeping against the wall of the bathroom with
a man and woman at a party dressed as a clown . `` This was a very disturbing incident . It 's something we all have to be aware of , '' Ms Tambell said . Police are appealing
a man blowing out a birthday cake with his family to celebrate their win . The man was identified by local media as Robert L. Miller . A witness at the scene said the man threw the cake at the people
a police car parked next to an old school building . Another man , named in court papers as Darlene , said he was driving a black BMW with a dark-colored paint job and said he was trying to buy
a window with several teddy bears and a red-and-white striped sweater , all without the word `` teddy bear '' written on the front . `` We 're going to go out with the kids , ''
an open door showing a shower with the same shower door , but this time in the same tub . The bathroom door was closed to the outside , but the bathtub had been turned out to be the bathtub
too dark i ca n't see the image '' - https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=HfZYg3-Rm5E & feature=youtu.be But if you
a man seated on a blue motorcycle in the middle of the street in downtown Toronto . Toronto Police say they 're investigating what happened . ( Darryl Dyck/Canadian Press ) '' We 're working
a man wearing a helmet poses next to a statue of Buddha , the Buddha 's image on the walls of the village of Nandib . ( KARACHI KARACHI / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
a person is in a bathroom and is in a room , the bathroom is the same as the bedroom , and the bathroom is empty or empty . In the example above , one person is in a room and is
biker in pink boots rides down the street . She is seen riding the bus back from the store . Cameron : What 's up ? Cameron : It 's going to get so much better .
a motored bike display for a minivan . `` There are no plans to change the car , only a new one built for the city , '' he said . `` It may be a better , safer
additional traffic rules are given below the main road . Migration to the UK must take place at least 12 months before the deadline . The deadline for the arrival of migrants is March 31 , 2016 .
a bike rider rests on his bike as he gets out of the car . A police officer asks if the woman had a gun . `` I 've got a gun and I do n't want to give it
a guy on a motocycle waiting for you to pass him by . He did n't get it . He did n't ask for it . He just did n't want to know what it was . He 's not
a close up of a man wearing a skull mask . The man is a police officer and in the video has his face on a monitor . The man is wearing a hooded coat . The man was arrested about
the bathroom floor is strewn with toilet paper , a pair of socks , a pair of socks , a pair of socks , a pair of socks , a pair of socks , a pair of socks , a pair of socks
the floor of the bathroom is strewn with broken glass . He is holding a plastic bag on his lap , his hand on the counter and his face in the corner . A man approaches a locked door . He
a bathroom has a pretty color blue walls and a black wall with a few small blue walls . It 's not obvious that this is a Japanese bathroom , but it 's an obvious one . I went to see the
a rusty apparatus is laying in a green field . An old iron is laying in a field of blue . A new iron is laying in a field of blue . The blue field is being filled with the blue light of the
a woman with pigtails is standing in the middle of the street . She 's wearing a black , white , and white striped dress , and she 's wearing a white , black , and white striped dress . I ca n't
the man sits on his bike and reads , `` I want to be your friend . I want you to get on my bike . I want to get on your bike , you know ? '' `` You know , I
a knife is standing up in a cutting motion to take out the skin of the hand , and the arm is pulled out from under it . The knife may be used to cut off any part of the hand .
this kitchen layout appears choppy and full of holes . The kitchen is slightly overgrown by vines and vines . We 'd like to make a better kitchen because we have some trees and vines to keep in place and we like
bicyclists on a city street and then he 's going to get a ticket . What is a bike lane ? A bike lane is a lane or open space designated for bicycles . A bike lane
a bathroom pedestal sink with a mirrored panel for an open-faced mirror . The shower is a little more elaborate than the actual room , as you can see below . The bathroom is also a small
a bathroom toilet , scrub brush holder and a shower curtain . A second room , similar in size to the one in the above image , was also taken and used by the same team to prepare the bathroom for the
a man wearing a green trucker hat who was driving a white Toyota Tundra was shot dead by a police officer while he was driving his car . The driver , 30-year-old Michael Johnson ,
a bathroom toilet with a light fixture overhead at the airport . `` We 're going to be looking at it , but we do n't know if it will be working . We 're not going to know if it 's
several dirt bikes are standing in a lot of parks and parks all over the state . The biggest problem is that there are no dedicated bike parking spots . But if you live in any of the 50
two men at a cafe looking at something different , one of them holding a gun , '' he told the court . `` I could n't go to jail , but I 'm still in jail . '' The defendant , who also
black and white historical photo man next to her is named , so that is the main character . The original story was that it 's only fair that they would be drawn in the same order . They said
a group of young people are sitting on a street corner in the suburbs of New York City , sitting on benches with a white , wooden box attached to it . There are more than a dozen white people standing around , and
a plane is taking off from a runabout in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . The pilot is a rancher who has been on the run from the U.S. government since 2011 . `` We have been
a clock is hanging next to an arched staircase . The camera pulls back a few seconds to show a white line . The clock moves toward the back of the building and the camera follows . The next moment ,
a large commercial airplane being moved by a private company , called Boeing , to a hangar in the city of Sakhalin , Russia , in November . The private company was to be paid $ 200,000 per year for
an air plane is parked inside of a U.S. Department of Defense base in Afghanistan . US forces have been battling the Taliban since 2009 , when insurgents launched an offensive . ( Photo by AP ) WASHINGTON —
a bowl of apples on a counter next to the window . The rest of this recipe would be much simpler . You can use any apple you want . Ingredients 1/2 cup fresh chopped apricot
a man standing in front of an old-school school . The man 's mouth is wide open , but his eyes are filled with a faint glare of amusement . `` You 're not getting any sleep ,
a picture of a bathroom with two multi-colored toilet paper . The story is that the toilet paper was found in an underground toilet at the home of a woman who claimed to be the victim of a burglary .
a pair of yellow kitchen gloves hang from the counter . A little over a week ago , a man was arrested for shoplifting and then charged with second-degree burglary . Police say the thief , who
a motorcyclist surveys the sunlit road . He ca n't quite remember what the sunlit road looked like . He is not a stranger to the sun . What he does remember is that for the past two
a kitchen with a black window and a red-and-white TV screen . The interior of the house is not as large as it used to be . It has a new exterior with new interior lighting , so
a christmas bear on top of the tree , And I will be all the way home soon , And I will bring a new year 's celebration , And I ca n't wait to see you
a group of people riding motorcycles down the highway . `` We did not see any of these people at any point in time . It was just a small group of people , with very little interaction with the police , ''
wing of an airplane shown flying over the United States in June 2015 ( Photo : NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/UCLA/UCLA/UCLA/UCLA/UCLA/UCLA
bathroom scene with french door passageways , and then they had to find a way to get the door open , and then they had to find a way to get the door open in the bathroom . I really think
a city with a river in the middle of its name ( S.C. 1136 , s.d . ) to the east of the city . The first town in the province of Ireland was named St. Martin because
a bathroom being renovated with pipes in the main floor - but you are not allowed to have sex with children who are older than 12 . The council 's executive director , Sarah Bouchard , said : `` The
a bathroom with tile floor and white fixtures . I 'm not sure how to describe the house as a quiet , quiet , quiet place . It 's nice and quiet , but it 's not a place I 'd call
an open book displays earlier times of motley band of heroes that led to their rise . The characters of this book were created for the first time by the author , who had created the series on a blank slate
six people standing on snowboards atop a bus at Toms River Park in the northern city of Gatineau , Que . The bus driver who has been suspended for his actions told local media that a police officer
a black motorcycle parked on a city street in the area of Covington Road and West 14th street near the intersection of West 14th and Covington . ( Photo : Steve Russell/The Star )
a bowl of apples is positioned in a circle around the bowl and the color of the apples is displayed . If you do n't like the colors of your apple , you can just keep the bowl of apples with you . I
an empty bench beside a busy public street . But it 's not the only time a bike is involved . There are also many other ways to make your bike a better commuter . If you get stuck ,
a airplane followed by birds flying in `` sophisticated circles '' over the horizon . The bird flew so close to them that the birds were left in the dark as they passed by . The birds flew in such a
a lone bench sits at the entrance of the temple , an image of the temple 's two pillars and the large wall of the temple wall is visible . The temple 's entrance is a huge , circular stone that is
a motorcycle parked up against a building with a sign reading `` Barefoot '' ( a sign that read `` Barefoot is Not My Favorite Thing '' ) and pointing towards a white man holding a sign stating `` We 're
a store window with stuffed teddy bears ( and then the entire store ) on the left and the white bear hanging from the door . The bear 's feet were covered with his own blood . The store was closed , and
different types of two wheeled vehicles jumping over each other . The top speed is 6 mph and the top speed is 29 mph . `` The car is pretty much like a car that could be on fire , '' said
a tall building is topped with a billboard that reads , `` In a time when America is in crisis , we need to send a message of unity and hope to everyone . '' This is a place where you can feel
a woman outside in front of a building in London , '' he said . `` This is the first time I 've seen a woman in my life that has seen anything like this before . '' The incident was reported to police
airplane in the sky with a following `` the world is dark '' line of text . You can see the original text of the line above by clicking on the black circles labeled `` 3 '' . There is no way to see
an image of a blue toilet with the words : `` You are so beautiful . '' The photograph was taken by the Italian police in a spot where the bathroom is , according to the website of the Italian newspaper Corri
an image of a kite flying high above the sky , with a small black hole in the centre of the image . This black hole looks like a white hole , and it is very difficult to spot , because it is
two clocks on perpendicular facades of a house . The doors are closed by a single knob like a door , which is a sign of the building 's interior . A sign of the building 's interior was also located on the
a lit oven displays a turkey and a turkey sandwich . The restaurant 's owner , Richard C. Linn , said he is `` looking forward to seeing more of the dishes and the specials and new items in the
an image of a truck with a side door . On the other side of the street , in the back of an ambulance , is a woman who has been shot and killed by a man who was driving a truck
an image of a man riding a bike as he walks toward the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus . `` It 's not an ideal situation , but I think it 's a very good day , '' said UW-Madison
an orange cat sits on a stoop . There 's no way that 's the `` wrong '' cat for a cat . `` The cat you named after has just finished sleeping on your sofa , '' she says . `` It 's
the sign shining down over the street lights of the old world in the middle of the night . It is just an accident . I think of all the people who 've come and gone since the day I began my
four green apples in a bowl on a stick . Add the onion and cook the onions for 1 minute , stirring occasionally . Add the garlic and cook for an additional 1 minute . Rinse the onion with
an image of a dog sitting in the back seat of a car . The man who fatally shot the dog was not arrested , but said he had been warned that he would face murder charges . The dog
an image of a cat sitting in a chair with its head resting on a piece of paper . `` It 's not the first cat to suffer a stroke , but it 's the first one that 's died , '' said
blue motorcycle on display , surrounded by other vehicles , including a couple of motorcycles . The truck was later spotted at the base of a mountain trail . In a statement , the city said it has `` conducted a
kitchen with a stove , counters and a microwave . I love this one . It 's the perfect breakfast . It 's so easy to clean and it 's super convenient for cooking . It 's also super easy to clean and
an image of a bike parked next to a building in Llanelli . The building is under construction and has been undergoing refurbishing for the past few months . ( Photo : Cesar C. Castillo/The Star
a bathroom toilet nestled in a cubicle in a rented apartment in New York City 's upscale South Side . The cubicle was the home of former Playboy model and model-turned-president and former president of
a small bathroom , toilet and sink with no electricity . `` Everything is ready , '' said Hulme . `` I 'm gon na go to the hospital , too . I 'll get to the bed . I 'll go
a public bathroom with a clock tower in the background . He 'd always been impressed with the way he 'd been treated by the school . `` It was the best school in the world , '' he said . `` It
a cat on a bike seat near the end of the park , in the area of the road where they were killed . The victim , who is not named , said he had no idea what was going on
a bicycle set up again a fence with the help of her husband . The woman , who lives in the home , did not know the couple 's whereabouts and the two have not been seen . `` We
an all white bathroom with white fixtures too , so it was a little creepy . The toilet itself is a bit more spacious than anything I 've seen . As you can see , it is quite comfortable .
a place flies over the water that reflects sunlight , and a hole in the hull of the ship is visible . `` It does n't look like you could actually see anything up there , but if you look around ,
a man lays on a bench and covers his head with his hand . The man makes a loud noise and then stands up . The man is covered in blood and a man then steps into the room . The man
a bathroom cover seat skiing no bottles beaded by other people and nothing but rocks and a handful of plastic trash bags . There was a big group of 5 , who also played a role in the events ( they were not
a motorcycle carrying a bicycle is parked in a parking lot of a drug dealer 's property . ( b ) The person who violates subsection ( a ) commits a misdemeanor of the second degree , punishable as provided in s. 7
a busy city intersection filled with people walking and biking . The bike lane has been a popular way for people to get around while in the city . `` It 's a lot of fun for us to be
a tiled bathroom stall with a white chair , and a white rug with a white carpet . It was a wonderful day , and the kids did n't have to worry about any of their parents having to take care
a bowl full of oranges that still have a few bits of red color . In the end , I 'll be cooking this with a little bit of rice . I like to use a small bowl full of rice ,
a group of people walking past a large mural of the Statue of Liberty outside the Federal Building in New York City on May 17 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mike Segar The U.S. dollar , the world 's reserve
a person 's holding a spoon near a child , and they ca n't do that anymore . They have to come up with another way of doing it . `` The child 's hands have to be the same size as
a view of an old building with a view out to a lake . We are now using a more standard `` no '' button to display information from our website . This means that we have a `` no '' button
a bus tipped over on the side of the road , and it was then she was found hiding under the car . She told the court that she went to her aunt 's house for help , and that her aunt
a brown and black bathroom with 3 different sinks . No one has seen the bathroom or used it . I do n't know who installed the bathroom or why . I 'm just happy I found it . I think it
a bathroom with white colored cabinets and toilet paper . This is because she is only a few months into her career , and she can not afford to spend many thousands of dollars on that expensive bathroom . `` I 'm going
a modern flatscreen television sits upon a huge display of 3D , which is almost impossible to see in this picture . It is not the only one , but the only one to show up in the same room every time
a bathroom with a cat underneath a bathtub . He has a black eye and he 's not a natural human being , which means he 's not going to make it into the hospital . He 's not going to be able
bright lights flare over an empty city street . As if this is n't enough , the man 's face is covered in a bandage and he looks at the other man 's face to see what he has fallen to .
a man rides a large motorcycle on a highway in the middle of N.C. on Nov. 26 , 2015 in Raleigh . ( Photo : Jeff Chiu , AP ) The North Carolina Department of Transportation is
an older man sitting on a park bench and a woman standing behind him . `` It 's a beautiful piece of history , '' the man in the photo said . `` It 's a very special moment . '' The
a person takes a picture of an empty vehicle and points it at a parked vehicle , even though that vehicle is in good condition . In contrast , when a person is stopped and arrested for a `` vehicle violation , '' that
a military motorcycle is parked behind a van in a small village of Bantu in southern Tanzania . In June 2014 , after the death of a child from polio , the then-president of the Democratic People 's
several motorcyclists are riding their bikes in the mountains and have to put down their bikes on the road or take off on foot . There are also some problems with the bike-sharing business , with some
two men standing next to each other outside the tent . The men had been wearing what appeared to be camouflage uniforms . The men were dressed in camouflage clothes . They were carrying a rifle and a
a plane is boarded with maintenance trucks alongside a group of workers . There are no reports of injuries to the workers . The flight arrived in Tokyo at 3:13 p.m. EST ( 3 :
a qantas jet taking off from the airport in Chennai 's Kolkata district . The plane was registered at the NIMH in Chennai and was being registered at the Chennai Airport and was flying in Chennai . The
a corner of a kitchen with a cabinet full of supplies and a table full of books . The first thing I did was bring the book to the table and place on the shelf the book on . It was pretty
a man riding a motorcycle in overcast weather was struck by a truck in Humber . The driver of the truck , identified as Ryan , was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 10 a
a city scene featuring an old-model Ferrari . This is a truly surreal scene , and one that has caught my attention because it 's so surreal . That scene was a nice touch , and I was really excited to see
a small bathroom furnished with a sink , shower , and bathroom facilities . It has a spacious dining room and a small living area . The restaurant offers a menu of local , fresh and local favorites , including seafood and
a close up of a toilet with a bottle of water and a few notes on how the baby would like to move around . `` I think they 'll want to take it up to a hotel room and have it
a waiting area in an airport terminal ( I have no idea on how you can buy it , but I 'm sure you could get it if you were lucky ) . It 's like having a car that you drive around
a man and a woman posing together for a selfie in front of a church in Sydney 's CBD . It 's a rare sight in a city that has seen a number of gay `` bros '' arrested in recent
a person riding a bike on the street . They are not allowed to ride their bikes out of the way of traffic unless they are accompanied by a licensed driver and are accompanied by a written notice of permission .
a bathroom with toilet and a curtained toilet . The building is located in the north of the city centre . The building was built in the 1990s and in the mid-2000s was used by an unnamed
a deserted intersection of main roads in a suburb of the city of St. Mary , south of the capital . There has been no official announcement on whether the truck was carrying illegal drugs . The truck was found by
a group of people riding motorcycles on a highway in a parking lot and a man went to look for them , but the police did n't find them . `` We were surprised to see [ the group ] in a
there is a lot of traffic on the freeway , but only a few cars are traveling at this speed . '' The city was planning to move the bike lane to a safer spot along the freeway , but that plan was
a white and red bathroom is shown in which there is a white towel covering the entire surface of the toilet . There is also a white toilet seat that is visible when the toilet is emptied . The room in which
three loaded motorcycles are traveling down a dual-lane highway , in a motorhome and then down the road . `` It 's a classic case of double-dealing . It 's probably a good thing that this
bathroom view , brightly lit , blue-tinted window , and a light-colored sofa . The two guests were greeted by a young man in a white T-shirt and jeans who looked like a man in
a bicycle sitting on top of someones head . `` The whole world is getting to know me . '' `` I 'm sure you guys are going to be interested in this . We should go over this . ''
the town has a small church in it , and it is in the middle of a small village . The people who live there are the churchgoers . They are the people who live in this village . They are the people
a close up of a person brushing her teeth . `` Hey , you know what ? '' `` Yeah , I can tell you . You know the one I 'm talking about - the one I was talking about
a colorful jet is sitting patiently on a blackboard looking for new ways to do things . For the last two years , the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) has been building the world 's first
a plate of food on a table next to him . `` I 'm sorry , but this is not a good time to hang out in the woods , so I 'm going . '' `` I 'm not going to hang out in
a close up of an open book with a picture of a baby . They take a few minutes to read the book and then go back to the living room . The baby is in the corner of the living room and she
people are learning to ski and to snowboard . `` If you look at a new ski course , there 's no reason to just leave your shoes on when you 're a kid . You need to be able to
a group of snowboarders in the middle of the night . It was a time of hope . `` I remember seeing that [ crowd ] at the top of the stairs and thinking , 'Wow , that
a picture of a motorcycle and a car , and a couple of other stuff . I do n't watch The Office , but I do watch a lot of the show , so I 'm a fan of the show . I 'm
an air plane flying thru the air with the pilot in the cockpit . The pilot 's voice was heard and he saw the pilot 's voice and saw what it was like . The plane was heading straight for the airport .
old rusted metal on the floor with a rusty paint job . `` He 's got a lot of scars , but I 'm just not sure I like his hair . He says he never got to have any hair , '' said
there is a sink and shower/bathroom with a toilet and a kitchen with kitchen sinks and a bathroom sink , '' he said . Lack of hygiene is particularly prevalent in the area . `` It is
a group of men standing next to parked cars , some of them even shouting at officers . The victims , who were seen in a video of the incident , later posted on Facebook that they had not been detained .
the door to the room is open to the front and back of your bedroom . This will allow you to take your belongings out of the room . Do not open the door to the room . Open the
a flock of birds below an airplane in Washington , D.C. ( AFP Photo/David Zalubowski ) Washington ( AFP ) - A Russian airliner was shot down over Ukraine on Wednesday , killing all
an air plane taking off from an airbase near the Syrian town of Homs , Syria , on Sunday . At least 40 people were killed in the attack , which was one of the deadliest in a wave of attacks on civilians
a kitchen with a tall cupboard analog to the oven and a small oven . You can get your own kitchen from the Home Depot site , but there are a few things you 'll want to consider . First ,
a giraffe standing in a lot filled with children . `` In the past few years , there 's a lot more awareness that giraffes are cute , '' says one of the scientists . `` We 're doing something
many lights can be seen on the street next to the restaurant . `` I 've been following the news and the news is that this is going to be a very difficult time for me because I just do n't have
several small electronic devices are sitting with their batteries in the batteries of the other small devices . The battery is charged and discharged in the same way as the other small devices . The use of a single battery or
there is a nice hotel bathroom with full view of the river . ) But I was able to leave without being spotted by my family because they did n't want me to leave . For the sake of our safety , we
a book opened to a page depicting a girl as a girl , and then to a book of dolls in which a child as well as a boy play . The girl is placed in a box , and the boy
a picture of a person sitting down by the door of a house . It is the picture of the man sitting in the house . The picture of the man sitting in the house is the picture of the man sitting in the
a picture of a plate of food on a wall in front of the bakery . The cafe was open for most of the day , but was closed around 11pm as the sun went down . One woman
an airplane is flying very close to the aircraft and not hitting the ground , but instead crashing out of the sky . We have an experienced pilot who is willing to get back into the flight and stay with us ,
three people standing in a kitchen near a mosque in the heart of Istanbul , after the blasts . Turkey 's police are investigating the incident . In a statement issued Thursday , the Istanbul mayor , Mehmet G
a cat sitting right next to an open bottle of water . What a terrible sight ! A girl with a scaly mask and a scaly face is sitting right next to a bottle of water . What a terrible sight !
a man on a motorcycle with a green scarf and a large bag . The man , identified only as Abu Ibrahim , was riding on the same motorway and stopped at the intersection of Nijmegen and G
a close up of a woman wearing jewelry . `` She was wearing a red , black , red , white , black , brown , and a green jacket , '' says Kip . `` She had a large white , black ,
a black cat sitting inside a bathroom sink . The cat may have been scared of the same cat that attacked her in a previous case . But according to an article in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical
a man propped up against a bike rack . Another man propped up against a bike rack . The officers told him he had two months to get out of the house . They told him to get back to
a plane siting on a showy landing strip . `` We 're not going to touch this , '' said Mr. Anderson . `` We 'll be careful about it . `` We 're not going to get
an open door that leads into a kitchen . The door is covered with a black cloth with a thin , black cloth covering the top and bottom . The cloth is covered with a white cloth and is covered by a black cloth
three people standing in a parking lot smiling as they walk through the park . `` There 's a lot of people that are scared or they just do n't have any idea what 's going on , '' said Michael Lee ,
an empty city roadway is lit with street lights . There are a few signs posted around the block and in front of the front gate . `` The city has a long and productive history with the building of
a motorcycle and car parked on the street . The driver of a Honda Civic and an accomplice in the shooting were also killed . The suspects were in custody . The suspect , who has not
a man is eating a banana while wearing a kimono . The man 's clothes are made of a plastic bag , and he 's wearing a blue shirt and green pants . The woman 's dress is also a plastic bag
a large white bathroom with white cabinets and a large table . There are several rooms in the living room , and the bathroom is large enough that you can easily see the sun . It is also fairly open to the public .
a man in a helmet is eating a chicken . `` This is not an isolated incident and the police are doing everything they can to stop it , '' said the police officer . `` There is no police presence
a woman is brushing her teeth and posing for pictures with a woman in a dress for a friend 's wedding . The woman in the dress has a boyfriend and is having an affair that ends in a divorce . The
the toilet seat is up in a small corner at the entrance of the garage . You 'll get a small note in a folder tucked away in the back of the car , which will contain a small amount of your urine .
man standing in open door of car on the way down . `` I think it 's a bit suspicious . It 's not clear if he 's in the car or not . '' The man is accused of breaking
a clean bathroom with pink walls and white walls . She did n't like the idea of living with people she did n't know , especially in her home town . `` I did n't want to live with them anymore , ''
an all white bathroom with white fixtures and all white bathrooms with white bathrooms . I 've seen many people in this bathroom who are very upset . There are people who say , `` Oh , the bathroom is white . ''
a picture of a cat underneath a sink . There were other cats that had been killed by her . The dog had lived in the house for years and died when the family moved to the area in July 2014 .
a picture of a lot of motorcycles together . It 's nice to see it on the wall , so I guess it 's fine . I 'm sure I 'll be able to get on with my bike on the next day . ''
a picture of a person on a motorcycle who is clearly intoxicated , or someone in an unlicensed vehicle who is clearly impaired , to call the Police Department . It is legal to file a police report if it is not clear
a picture of two people sitting on a bench in the middle of a river in the town of El Salvador . It was on June 3rd , 1892 , and this is the picture the Spanish government painted of the Spani
a giraffe curiously looking in to a new direction at its new digs , and the giant giraffe is now moving up the hill . A new video of the large giraffe and its new digs has been posted
billboard on a commercial street corner in Seattle , Washington on July 2 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst A year earlier , the Seattle Streetcar 's owner said he spent $ 1.3 million on a replacement
the upper portion of an ornate stone on the top of the roof of the house where the house was built . The roof was covered with a white stone that was covered with a white cloth . The house was built with
a close-up of a one-man-band . And the result ? `` I 'm not sure I ever saw that film , '' he says . `` I do n't think I ever saw the film
man stands next to an old motorcycle in which he was born in 1946 . He stands on the same hill as a young man who was born in 1942 . As the car was being repaired for a new engine , the old
a man rides a yellow motorcycle down a street in the suburbs of San Francisco , California , on June 22 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mike Blake Some of the country 's biggest banks have said they expect losses from the
a plane flying in the sky , as well as a man who had been working to make a deal with the Russians . On September 30 , the Russian military issued an ultimatum to the U.S .
a man on the sidewalk leaning against his wall . It was a very rough day . He was wearing a black hoodie , white shirt with white stripes and jeans . At the corner of Main and South Main Streets , the
a stainless steel microwave on a kitchen countertop , and a single-use rack for a microwave oven and dishwasher . The Microwave The Microwave is one of the simplest ways to make
a giraffe lowers his head to look at the camera . `` What is it ? What do I say ? '' he asks , still in his fur coat . `` You know I 'm a giraffe , '' he says. ``
a jet is towed down the tarmac with a rocket launcher . The rocket takes off from the B-1 bomber and heads towards the runway . When it reaches the runway , it 's immediately shot down by the F-
a man standing in front of a fruit carton and a woman in front of a man in a wheelchair . The woman was transported to a hospital for treatment of her injuries , according to the police report .
three colorful kites fly high above a hill . There are also some interesting features that are hidden deep in the rocks . One of these is a small pond that is named after the Koopa 's name .
the view from an airplane window over mountains and valleys in the middle of the Himalayas . The view of the Himalayas from an airplane window over mountains and valleys in the middle of the Himalayas
a photo of a dining venue outside complete with a wall of a restaurant . The plan for the new dining space came into question in March after the city council approved a 1,000-square-foot apartment building
a busy city street with a mountain view . `` I 'm just going to leave it there . The snow 's on the ground , it 's not going to stop , '' said the driver . The driver is
a long galley kitchen with cabinets on each side . The kitchen is small , with a single room with two bathrooms . No matter what you do , you 'll find that our kitchen is ready to cater to your
two people that are walking a dog together in a way that is not their own . '' That 's a big deal . `` We had a good relationship with them , and we 're just really happy that they
a picture of a very big plan on paper . When the team came up with the plan , it was called the `` Flexigemeter '' plan . It was the first of its kind . In the
a picture of some people making some food for dinner , but there are also people who are quite good at it , and they all live in the same area . This is a really strange phenomenon . I 'll give
a picture of a comment that is open to debate from the public . On Jan. 1 , in response to a question about whether the House voted to confirm Rep. Kevin Brady ( R-Tex . ) in 2014
a clean kitchen with tile flooring and a roof deck . The plan is to use a second-floor loft to house the second bedroom and to store two extra bedrooms . The house will be built in
a bicycle with a couch attached to it . It is not a `` home '' bike . It is an individual bicycle with a bike rack , and it can move freely . How does this bike work ?
a well lit area of the bathroom with a small shower and a sink . The next day I went to visit my wife and my family . She was there for the weekend and so did her mother ! This was
two dogs sitting on a car seat wanting to get out of the car , and he says he will bring them back . `` He 's got a lot of dogs , '' says DeSoto . `` At the beginning
a wooden bench with an old tire sitting on top of it . `` I did n't think I would be living to tell the tale , and I 'm so glad that I did , '' he says . `` I was
a picture of a plane is flying in the sky , and you can see all the way down , but you ca n't see the whole field of view . We did a little bit of work with the computer to make it
a picture of a plane that is in the middle of the sky . The picture is a map of all the possible locations on the planet . If you zoom in on the picture , you 'll see that the plane is in
a bright pink toilet seat in a bathroom with a small mirror , a small , red water fountain and a few small , pink , round plastic plastic cups . But the bathroom is so small that you can only see
a picture of a tv on top of the house , a picture of a photo of one of the characters in a TV show , a picture of a picture of a picture of a picture of a picture of a picture of
a street scene with people on motorcycles and cars . Spencer said the number of shootings was `` very , very , very small compared to other cities . '' `` We do feel that the number of shootings
a red car next to a gas station . `` I 'm tired of waiting for the police to come out and say , 'You are a criminal and you should go to jail , ' '' said Mark D'Aless
a picture of an guy on a motorcycle , with his wife and kids , who were in the house of his friend , and he asked me if he could take the picture . I said , `` Yes , I can ,
a picture of a person and a motorcycle as if they were a person , the defendant must show proof of identity : ( a ) for the purpose of proving identity , proof of age , or other relevant evidence ;
a pair of scissors being used to clean off the edges of the cuttings . The edges of the cuttings are then cut out with the scissors . The scissors are used to cut the edges of the cutt
a picture of a bus that is turned left by the bus stop . The bus stops are located on the north side of the main street of the city . As far as we can tell , the bus
some items leaning up against a window in his apartment . A man was found in the back of the apartment , with multiple gunshot wounds to his head and chest . A man was found in the back of
view of a plane flying through a very narrow tunnel . The plane was traveling at over 200 mph . The pilot of the plane said that he saw an object on the ground , but could not confirm the sighting .
three people posing for a picture in a shop with a sign reading `` I 'm a pro-life person and I 'm a pro-life person . I 'm trying to get to know someone and I 'm trying to get
two men and a woman posing in a car with two other men . Two days later police received a tip that the suspects were holding the suspects . `` I told the police I was going to speak to the two
unique photograph of the inside of a home in the capital 's suburbs . The building , which was built in 1883 by the Swiss architect Gustav Landse , is part of the `` Hagenhaus '' ( H
a close up of a woven basket on the floor on the wall . `` I 'm just thinking about it , '' she said . `` I got a lot of work to do . '' The only light on the
a small kitchen are a with white cabinets and an office . When they were first installed the place was called a `` Cafe '' . It was a nice little room with an air-conditioned kitchen for the kitchen
bicycle with brown wicker basket on top , and pull the basket back to the basket . Then , with your hands on the basket , take your fork , which you might be able to lift , and turn the wheel
sheep are being herded next to the top of a hill , and then being chased by a herd of sheep , who are being driven by a cow . One of the sheep was killed before the sheep could flee and
a bedroom with a bike parked in it and some spare tire , they can make the process quick and easy . We also have a handy garage to store all of our electronics , spare tire , and other items .
a black dog standing between people in line at a McDonald 's . He was a little surprised when he saw the man , whom he had never seen before , and was concerned for his safety . The man then went over to
two giraffes are looking at the sky as they chase after the birds . `` I 'm in the middle of a very big fight , but I ca n't help but see the birds , '' she says. ``
many people are carrying surfboards to the beach , and you 're doing it on a beach that is closed off from the other side of the world , '' said one man . `` I want to call it a '
the train is passing by the field full of people . `` I knew it was going to be a pretty big crowd . But , it 's not like I 've seen any train to be like , 'Oh ,
the back of a man looking at an object , or in a man looking at something , or in a man looking at a girl , or in a man looking at a dog , or in a man looking at a frog
a variety of kitchen appliances lined up on a wall . `` This is a really unique experience for me , '' said Jeff . `` I have been working in this business for almost eight years now , and I wanted to
the person is skiing down the hill fast . `` We 're not saying it 's not safe for you , but it 's a very different story , and the fact that you 're skiing on the same hill , and
tables and chairs in a patio area off the main street . The main street is the corner of East and North Broadway . The street is closed to the public as there is no public parking at this time .
woman dressed in black , smiling and brushing her teeth . `` Well , I wonder if I 've had the time of my life to take care of a few things . It 's been really hard to get through the
a bathtub with a tile wall behind it . `` In the same way , I am very happy to do this project . I feel like an artist . I feel like I can paint in a lot of different
straight ahead view of several lanes of traffic when it was found to be moving on a sidewalk . A second vehicle spotted the car and its driver , who was not charged , later pulled over and stopped it . The
horses and other farm animals graze on the ground . `` This has been a terrible situation for our community , '' the farm owner , Scott Wiebe , told the paper . `` It 's so sad . ''
a black motorcycle parked on a street by the town 's population 's most famous resident . It 's the very first time in the town 's history that it has been used as a place of pilgrimage , as it has
a street scene with a man on a bicycle . When a security guard pulled over and saw the man , he told the officer he had a weapon , and officers then moved in . The man 's name was not
two men are riding motorcycles through some ruins in a town called Kukuso on the outskirts of Tokyo . Yamazaki , a former student at Tokyo 's Tohoku University , saw the destruction as a
a bathroom scene with focus on the toilet seat , his wife and his five children . `` I 'm not sure if it 's because she 's a little bit older , '' he said . He said he was
a toilet , counter and shower in a small area . If you 're having a hard time getting into the bathroom , make sure you have a bathroom attendant or other staff member who will be there . If
a clean public bathroom with black and white pictures of the Prophet Muhammad and the Prophet 's wife . A few days ago , the city of Quetta announced that it would remove some of the graffiti from its streets ,
three dogs are in the grass together looking for an opportunity to play with each other . If you have any questions about this dog , please let us know by emailing contact @ muppets.net. < |endoftext| > I 've
a view of a car with a tv screen , a camera , a headset , a keyboard , a microphone , a microphone cord and a mic with a white LED light , and a set of four microphones , a microphone jack
a view of a person that is on the same level as her . If she is on the same level as someone else . If she is on the same level as an entity . If a
the words `` connect_anywhere '' are used to connect any open file or folder , or any other file or folder . The function `` connect '' is a shorthand for the `` connect_all '' function , which is
a picture of a tall building by a red light . A yellow light is the main light and this is what the building looks like . The building is the base of the building , which is a very beautiful building
a tabby cat laying on top of a cuckoo 's nest . The name of the species is unknown . In its native habitat , the cat is typically found in the eastern United States and in other parts
an open bathroom stale with a white toilet paper , which is not allowed . It 's not uncommon to see people peeing in public , according to the Houston Chronicle 's Mark Lopatin . `` There
eight oranges sitting in a white bowl . It 's the moment the man , dressed in a white , hooded sweatshirt and a tie , shows up at his house . He is dressed in a black suit with
a picture of a plane that is in the shape of a triangle and that is falling from the sky , it is still a picture of a plane that is falling from the sky , but it is not a plane that is
the view of a room with several different shades of white on the wall . `` We 're going to open the doors at 12:30pm . We 'll open the doors in two hours . '' The police
a cop car sitting on the side of the road . `` I heard screaming and a car got out and started screaming at us . `` It was just a car . `` We were all on
a blue motorcycle is displayed in a showroom in Los Angeles on May 1 , 2014 . The white Honda motorcycle , which became a symbol of America 's anti-Muslim past , was used to represent two Muslim men wearing white
this toilet is accessible to a handicapped person ) must be in possession of a valid , valid , valid and approved certificate of health , as defined in section 19-5-10 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the Public
a knife is being placed in a wooden box , next to a table with a large bowl containing dried fruit . It is not intended to be used on animals or pets , but the box is not considered a suitable place for
a man sitting in a chair watching a live television program . `` I feel like I 'm living in a dream , '' he says . `` I feel like I 'm in a dream world . '' But at the
a line of people entering an airplane with their luggage . They are in the middle of the line . They need to pass through this line and are in a hurry to get to the airport . It is very confusing .
cooks standing in a kitchen preparing food . The food is then divided into two parts by using a hand-held dishwasher . The first part is used for cooking , while the second part is used
a small black dog standing behind a crowd of people . I tried to get away , '' he said . `` All over the place . All over the place . I could n't put the car down . I could n't
a large crowd of people standing an aisles and watching as the band played . `` I 've seen people here who were just like , 'Wow you were just amazing , ' `` he said . `` And you
a purple and white bus in a parking lot in downtown St. Louis . In one of the worst moments in a city known for its black population , the bus was forced out of service at an intersection , officials
a stop sign on the corner with garbage on the ground . I 'm sure you 're familiar with the other signs around here . In the beginning I was n't sure about the `` good '' or `` bad '' in
a blurry image of an urban street at the end of a street named after a fictional character called J.G . Ballard . The city says the image was taken in 2010 , but no one has confirmed the image .
a bathroom with blue tile outline around the toilet and door opening . The door is very close to the bathroom and I found it quite difficult to open the door with my hands , as I did n't even know how to open
a man wearing a helmet eating a ripe tomato . The girl was allegedly bitten by the man and is now being treated at the hospital . The police said they are now looking into whether the woman is connected
a man blowing out candles on a cake stand , and he said he tried to get in a fight with the man who was yelling at him and hitting him with his car , according to court documents . The man
a fighter jet landing on an airport runway in Petaling Jaya , Indonesia . According to reports , the country 's weather agency said it was seeing an increase in reports of aerial bombing from Myanmar to Bangladesh , at which point
a fighter jet taking off from an airport in the Philippines . Hide Caption 15 of 23 Photos : The biggest battles in U.S. history A fighter jet flies over the scene of a U.S. fighter jet crash
a bathroom scene with a cat under the stairs , and a woman with a toddler under the stairs ; the three were filmed at night by the police . The police also filmed the incident in a nearby park after it
a pile of scrap metal sitting on the floor . `` The rest was just kind of piled , '' the man said . `` ( He ) took it , took it and took it and took it and took it . He
a ramp extends to an airplane that is parked in a nearby driveway . No one there was hurt . The flight was diverted to San Diego . The plane 's captain , Charles L. Miller , said the captain was
a man and woman walking a dog down a street , according to the New York Times . He then said a man yelled at him , `` That was the dog , you 're going to kill me ! '' after which
a bathroom scene with focus on the toilet . The first thing I noticed at the time was the water at the bottom of the toilet was a little bit too much , so I decided to add a few drops of
a patio filled with white tables and chairs . The front of the building was covered with plastic , and there was a large sign reading , `` No Parking . '' The police and fire department all agreed to allow the building
a motorcycle with united states marine corp markings , a unique design , a wide range of colors , and a very good ride . The new Honda Civic is an all-new Civic . It has been redesigned by Honda
a large airplane with four propellers flying over the cockpit , the first time the jet has successfully flown this kind of complex aircraft . `` The aircraft was designed to carry a crew of over 10 passengers and crew ,
a large giraffe standing in the middle of the road , her body wrapped around a man who was trying to intervene . She is seen standing on the edge of the road , a young woman in a white suit
man and a woman watch another man on the bus . `` That 's what I thought at first , '' said the woman , who asked not to be identified because she was not authorized to talk to reporters . `` I
a photo taken from a vehicle at a protest on October 18 , 2015 in Paris , France . REUTERS/Bastien Inzaurralde The French president , François Hollande , said in a statement that he
an assembly line of workers prepare food in a factory in the factory of the same name . The workers make the food on an hourly basis , with no overtime . The factory is owned by the National Agricultural and Food
a photo of an outside toilet on the beach . The couple 's new home is on the property of a former friend , but the pair are planning to move there . The couple , who are both 20
a jetliner parked on an airport tarmac . He said that while he was travelling he found the plane 's cargo was about three kilometres long , which meant that it was flying at speeds of up to 40 km
an airport waiting room with the nose of the plane . In a statement issued by the US Embassy in Damascus , the US State Department said that `` while the incident was not an isolated incident , it is a very
the rusty remains of a metal device in the house . `` What 's wrong ? '' I asked . `` What 's wrong with your eyes ? '' The blonde gave me a wide grin . `` I want to know
a man in camo pointing at the sun , as he said . '' `` I am just saying . You need to get ready for the sun , '' he said . `` This is not a picture of a man .
a close-up of a toilet with the words , `` I 'm a fucking idiot . '' `` We 're in the middle of a game , '' said the man in the mirror . He had been playing a
a motorcycle parked on the side of the road is the first stop on my bike tour . But I have been riding my bike very much ever since . I use it like nothing I ever have before .
a desk with computer books , pen , a computer and a computer mouse . `` I do n't know why he did n't take that chance , '' said Mr. Chafin . `` For his own sake , he
a restroom filled with urinals and toiletries . The incident happened just after 8 p.m. Monday , when the police said an individual approached the group and started screaming `` The police are going to kick us
a woman strains pasta out of a pot and eats it . The pasta she ate was a type of cheese that was made with the same ingredients as the cheese . It was made without any additives because it was made without any
a kitchen with a black counter top and a black plastic cup holder . T-shirt : `` Shake It Off '' with an orange t-shirt with the words `` Fuck Off '' on it .
a street scene at an intersection with a parking garage , '' said Officer Mark Anderson in a statement . He added that the car 's owner , a 26-year-old man , and another man were not injured .
bathroom scene of white toilet , walls of white toilet . `` I have been here for a year , '' she says . `` I 'm not going to let anyone tell me to leave . I 'm not going to
a fleet of motor bikes sit parked on a street in front of the U.S. Embassy in Grosvenor , Slovenia Reuters 4/10 The U.S. Embassy in Grosvenor ( C )
a boat dock with two planes floating on it . The ship was at sea when the bombs exploded , but it was too late . The second plane shot down the second plane . The terrorists were planning the operation to
a man looks at a cart full of cash and asks : 'Do you know who I am ? ' ' I live in the US , it 's a very strange place ' , says the 40-year-old .
a motorcycle is parked on the side of a street where the person can stand and drive the vehicle . ( Source : P.A . 97-929 , eff . 8-1-13 ; 99-
a street scene of a road going through the street . On the other hand , the city 's police chief says he 's not sure of the exact number , but it 's a fairly common figure . `` If you
people on a boat looking at a plane , or a man on a boat looking at a wall . I 'm not going to tell you if I 'm a journalist or not , and I 'm just going to say that I
a kitchen scene taken from a hallway looking as if from a horror movie . The scene was filmed on April 28 , 2013 in a room with a couple sitting in a kitchen making dinner on the floor . A man
an airplane parked in a airplane hanger . The aircraft was equipped with a three-rotor engine and two turbos . The engines were operated by two electric motor and two diesel motor engines . The aircraft was equipped with
a man riding a blue motorcycle on the street in this photo . It is not clear how many people were killed or injured in the crash . The van 's driver , who was not identified , told the
a man on the street kneeling down next to a dead body in front of the church . `` The police are trying to reach the man but there 's no sign of the man . He 's been shot in the
a public bathroom with four toilet stalls and a communal toilet . The group also wants to set up a private toilet for the refugees to use . Mr. Ghosh , who is from the city of F
a dog in an enclosure with a urn of the same type in which he was to be kept . The other dog was taken to a private home owned by Darryl K. Kocheri ,
an old black and white photo of a young woman sitting in a wheelchair and her head in the air . I saw the image of her at the bottom of this post , and it was really funny . So I
person on motorcycle in a very scenic rock formation . The group was joined by several other cyclists , a man on a motorcycle and a woman on a bicycle . They all spoke German . `` The young man
an adult giraffe extending it 's tongue out from behind . `` Hang on . '' He said pointing his finger to the female giraffe . `` Aaaaa and aaaaa and aaaaa ! '' She cried
flat screen television on top of an old fashioned TV set , it 's still pretty much a classic . The camera and the sound system are identical to the original and all the hardware is just as good as it has
picture of man shaving but mirror looks head on as he is wearing the same mask , he is also wearing a large black hat , and his face is also slightly flushed . The boy 's mother , who has been
people staring at a man on a fancy TV or a woman looking at a man on a fancy plane For those who have seen the video , it is a clear shot for anyone to take . The man
a man kneeling next to a motorcycle on the street . The man went to the ambulance and was pronounced dead . But the video shows him standing in front of a police officer in a white sedan , wearing
a white bathroom with bottles sitting on a table . The barman turned around and looked up to see a man with a beard and a mustache . `` So it was Mr . L.J. ? '' the bartender
a blue airplane in a blue , cloud-covered hangar . Its black wings were suspended by a white , transparent layer of black cloth . A passenger 's body was covered with a layer of black cloth .
people eating a chocolate cake congratulating the guests . The company has also announced that in order to be considered `` high-quality '' , the company will have to offer a refund to the purchaser of the chocolate cake .
a customized motorcycle on display at a show at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , where the race was held Sunday . The rally is the second time in the last three years that the Indianapolis Motor Speedway has offered a custom motorcycle
a bathroom with a double sink and a small fridge . He was wearing his own bathrobe . After a long conversation with his wife , he went home to take his things . He was not happy with the place .
a photo in an airport showing a backpacker in a wheelchair . An estimated 8,000 Syrian refugees are being housed at the UN refugee office in Geneva , home to nearly 60,000 . `` There
i clock on a bridge that goes over a bridge or the roof of a building . `` We do n't have any indications that the fire has come from the building , '' said the city 's fire department spokesman , Lt
police car stopped in front of a fire hydrant on New Year 's Eve . A search of the van yielded no leads . However , the officers said that the van was in the vicinity of two homes and had
huge black and white dog walking with its head bowed . The dog had a long , pale neck and small ears . Its blue eyes were wide in the dark , and its white nose and ears were pointed
a white building with a clock on its facade . The building consists of a number of black and white buildings . One is the second floor of one of the buildings and one is the third floor . The second floors
a man sitting on the bed watching tv . She went to the bedroom and looked at his phone , then he went downstairs . He was wearing a full-grown shirt , blue jeans and blue trainers . His hair
a street scene of the intersection with people of color . `` It 's an example of this race-based violence that 's taking place here . It is really very disturbing . It 's really concerning that people of color
a large jumbo jet plane taking off from the U.S. Virgin Islands in the Pacific in the early hours of July 15 , 1987 . ( Richard Drew/AP ) The Pentagon said Wednesday that the plane
a kitchen scene with focus on the pantry . `` We 're sitting there , and I 'm like , 'What the hell are you doing ? ' '' he says . The other side of the kitchen is an
a bathroom stall with a toilet and a sink . There was n't much that could be done to keep the children safe , but the two women were able to keep their hands off the kids at the end of the
a while bowl full of oranges with the fruit . You 're going to enjoy this for two different reasons : 1 . It 's sweet , it 's a great fruit , and it 's awesome ! 2 .
a turkey and other foods are cooking in the freezer . The first step is to let the meat cool down to room temperature . Place a pan on a warm , dark place and place the turkey in a
man with yellow helmet riding a yellow motorcycle after being stopped by police on the University of California-Davis campus . The driver was stopped and charged with DUI . He 's currently being held without bail . He was not
a person riding a motorcycle in an abandoned vehicle , such as a van , trailer , or other vehicle that has not been registered with the Motor Vehicle Administration ( MVA ) for at least one year or more , is guilty
cat crawling under a partially installed bath tub . ( Photo by Mark J. Rebilas , USA TODAY Sports ) In fact , it 's hard to imagine anyone with any sense of humour would have imagined a transgender
a blue fighter jet on a runway surrounded by a cloud of clouds , preventing the main force from making landings in Afghanistan from holding its ground . They were also spotted crossing the Khela River , the main
an all white living room with stone floor and a fireplace . A large , wood-paneled dining room , with large windows and a front door . A large , open-air bathtub with a tub where you can
a blackberry cobbler desert in the south-central part of the country . The farmer who sold the cobbler said he was just looking for a better deal , since he did not see a need
an airplane with two propellor engines flying at 60 mph with about 9 minutes to go . The engine was so low that most of the flight crew members had to be evacuated to safety . The airplane was
there are two bowl sinks in a bathroom . I have two bowls in the restroom . I have a couple of bowls on the floor , but I am not sure how many you have . You have two or three bowls in
the wall has a couple of shelves on the left . The other shelves are on the right side . Next to them is a small closet with a large wall . There is a small closet on the floor next to the door
a parking lot full of fancy , high-end cars , and a tiny , tiny town . The `` City of Rockford '' is the city 's newest-generation of small town , small-town , and
a red ferrari at a gas station in San Francisco , Calif. , on Wednesday . The crash happened at about 6:15 p.m. Wednesday near an intersection with Highway 101 , on the West Side
we are looking at the underside of a manhole cover , and we can see where the water is . We 're trying to figure out what is causing this , and we 're trying to find out what we can do to
an old man is sleeping on a park bench . A woman is sleeping on the bench . He walks in on her and she 's crying . He grabs her by the neck and starts kicking her . She screams and the man
a tv sitting on top of a table . `` It 's not a big deal , '' he said . `` It 's a small thing . We 're working on it . '' One of the biggest problems is the
thee family is standing around the island , looking at me with a smirk and an expression of love . `` I 've heard that a lot of people do this , and this is my dad , and this
a propeller plane flying through a blue sky . She had seen a lot of planes lately , and she expected a big new one . `` I 'm actually going to have to make a quick trip to the south
a woman at a baseball game with a friend . The victim was a woman , but the police had no evidence to connect her to the shooting . The man was shot and killed by the woman , according to the
a public toilet with a lid with buttons , a keypad , and a pen where you can open up the lid and look at your phone or other digital device . The idea of this toilet was never made clear
a bathroom with a white toilet next to a white wall , and then there was a woman in a white shirt across from me . My friend asked me if I was going to the bathroom with her and I said yes .
a white bathroom with a large , circular pool on each side . It was the same bathroom that housed the last of the students of the University of California-Davis . The only other way to avoid getting in trouble was to
a berkeley police car parked in front of the residence of a man who had run off with $ 600 . `` What they 're doing is they 're going to do what they 're supposed to do , and they
a man and a woman walking a great distance from the scene of the shooting . Police said the two men were walking down a street near the intersection of Rittenhouse Street and O'Brien Street in the city
a person in the kitchen ironing and a person in the kitchen ironing . The kitchen ironing is not required to have that ironing . If you want to make a homemade ironing , you
the bathroom has a white and floral print on the front . `` We have a lot of kids that have been through trauma and are just having a difficult time , '' says the mother behind the project , who wishes she
a bathroom with matching shower curtain and rug . The man , who had been hired by the women 's company , told the newspaper that he was working at a local restaurant when he was approached by a woman , who
a man blowing out candles on a cake stand in Miami , Florida . ( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) One man blew the candles out of an air conditioning unit at a nightclub in Miami , Florida , on Sunday
two people skateboarding down a roadway in this photo . ( Photo : KVUE-TV camera crew ) The KVUE-TV camera crew snapped this scene on Monday afternoon following a skateboarding incident in
a crowded street corner blocked off by street lights . I asked him if he knew why , and he said , `` We did it because it was our first time going to a movie . We love movies . '' I
a toilet bowl with a sign on the front . `` This is a wonderful place to spend the winter on your bike , '' he said. < |endoftext| > The US has launched a new counterinsurgency training center in Afghanistan
a man on a motorcycle on a racetrack near the city of Vancouver on Wednesday , July 9 , 2016 . Vancouver Police say a man on a motorcycle on a racetrack near the city of Vancouver on Wednesday ,
two motorcycles parked on the side of the road when a man approached from behind and pulled out a shotgun . The suspect tried to fire but was hit by a rifle and knocked down , police said . Several other people
one black and grey cat crawling under a house and then a white cat crawling under a tree . The woman was working at a local pub and said that she had gone to the pub to buy some tea and the
a giraffe standing next to a wooden bridge , just metres away , waiting for me to come . I was about to leave when I got there in time to run into the other giraffe , but it 's too late
a motorcycle is on esplanade at 735 N. Main St. ; or go to the parking garage at the top of the ramp and park in the left lane and turn left onto Main St. Continue on Main St
black and white image of a man standing in the middle . The woman is wearing a black dress that is a little too white . I guess she 's just a little bit too white for the real thing
a bathroom sink under a window.next door , it 's a long , quiet hallway that leads to a large kitchen where the main living room , the dining room , and living room are all located.In the dining room
the woman brushes her teeth in the bathroom mirror , the woman does not bother to look around . He walks up to her . `` Hi , '' she says . `` Who are you ? '' `` My name is Tanya . '' ``
a man sitting on a plane in backseat and being asked what he thought she was going through . He said he had just been trying to get out of a plane when he saw a driver stop for fuel .
cars , motorized scooters , and cars that are not controlled by a remote control system . The car itself does not have any physical controls such as the brakes and the steering wheel . The only physical controls are
a jet plane with the number 1 on the list of most expensive aircraft in the world . The plane was flown on December 1 , 1945 from Frankfurt , Germany , to Paris . It was a twin-
a beautiful young woman brushing her teeth in the dark . As she was approaching the entrance of the main hall , she noticed a small girl with a strange shape on her face . Her cheeks seemed slightly warm as she looked around
a kitchen filled with a white stove top and a small microwave , the rest of the house is set . The kitchen is open to the public as well as private residences , and the front of the house is set up to
a train going past a herd of pigs . It all happened in a few minutes . `` The cows were grazing under the railroad tracks . The train was coming out of the tracks , '' said a source close
a group of people sitting at a bar , and I was there with my friend and a couple of friends and we were all talking about this whole 'we need to stop the violence ' , and then I was like 'you
people sitting at tables outside of a restaurant , '' said Ms. Kelleher . `` It 's a very , very big part of our business . '' A new food-safety bill that would require restaurants to use food
the giraffe is walking by the vehicles ) and has taken turns to help the animal in its care . The giraffe is seen on a farm in the Puntland Mountains of South Africa . ( Photo via
an airplane parked at the airport loading cargo and passengers aboard the International Space Station . The crew of Osprey landed safely , but not before they were met by a wave of booms and a loud bang . The crew
a blue motorcycle parked on display next to the truck , the driver of the vehicle drove past the parked vehicle and stopped to ask for a ticket . `` I was like 'hey , wait a second , can
a small white bathroom with a sectioned bathroom with a large sink . It is located in the center of the residence , with a large view to the upper and lower levels of the building . This is the first
a person laying on a small bench in a churchyard , or a person with a head of a bird of prey that is being disturbed by a person with a head of an eagle that is being disturbed by a person with
several bicycles lined up against a brick wall and a fence in front of their homes . `` We 're not in a position to go at this moment , '' said one of the women , who asked not to be
a kitchen scene complete with a fridge and a sink . The whole thing is an absolutely amazing experience and one that I could n't wait to try more . I 'm super excited to share the first batch of
the woman is sitting on the motorcycle by the side of the road with an open hand over her mouth , and her mouth is open and her eyes are closed . `` I do n't know why I 'm doing this
a kitchen scene with focus on a sink with no door . A close up of the sink . A close up of the sink . A close up of the sink . A close up
the bathroom is empty and also very clean . I think I could have done it with a little more time . I 'm not going to lie to you , however , I 'm pretty sure I would not have been
a photo taken in a car looking at the moon with the Galaxy S2 . Photo by : NASA/JPL-Caltech/SwRI/SwRI/IDA SpaceX 's Falcon 9 booster , launched
a metal gear with chain on a wheel axle . The frame is a bit thicker than most of the newer aluminum gearboxes , but it 's still strong enough to withstand the rigors of a long trip . The frame is
a bathroom scene with a toilet , sink , and sink cover that was covered in blood . The victim was rushed to the hospital and later pronounced dead . The victim 's boyfriend is not yet identified . The
a black and white dog sleeps in front of a door , while a white dog sleeps in front of a window and a black dog sleeps in front of a sign . Possible answers include : 1 .
a large group of motorcycles are in a position to drive the vehicle . `` We do n't have any information about this , '' he said , adding that some motorcycles are driven by members of the public . The
a kitchen scene with a dual element and a bit of a twist . In the first episode , you learn the backstory from the very beginning . The family heirloom is a big house , but it 's not
a bathroom with a large mirror next to the entrance to the building . He was also wearing a hoodie with a large blue T-shirt and blue jeans . A white T-shirt with a red top and blue jeans
a man waling his bike along a winding creek . `` I 'm sorry , it 's just a little bit of a road , '' he said . `` It 's not a road that 's easy to get around .
an elephant is in the rear view mirror , so I 'm going to go with a simple line and a simple picture . [ Photo : Shutterstock ] < |endoftext| > A few weeks ago , I posted a review of the new
a group of dogs standing next to each other at a park in the city of St. Paul . The dogs were not named , but have since been identified as the dogs known as the `` The Hounds of
a tv mounted inside of a vehicle displaying a white background and black and white text . Please wait 5 seconds for the update to load ! To enable video tracking in the mode you are viewing , you may need to
a man peeling rubber on a white tarp and sticking it into a woman 's pussy , '' she said . The attack happened last week in the town of Bali in the northern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh
a giraffe sticking its tongue out over a video . It 's a very short ( 2.9 minutes ) video , so it 's worth watching for the amount of detail and detail you get . The video is
a painting of an apartment with a kitchen and bathroom , and a few rooms with a bathroom . The city 's current master plan for the project calls for a 12-acre parking garage . It would also be built
a show floor with a shiny blue motorcycle . The bike is a little bigger than a regular motorcycle , but it 's a more sturdy bike , and it has a more powerful motor . The bike was in a very
a brown bathroom has a very large round toilet bowl . It 's a big one , but not as big as the toilet bowl on the left . For this bathroom , I went to the left , and the bathroom on the
a white cat is sitting under a car , looking for a ride , and he 's so afraid of her that he pulls over to make sure she 's in the car . `` I 'm so scared ! '' he says
a bright blue laptop on a desk with a button , the first-ever MacBook Pro . The Pro 's front-facing camera , which allows for more precise shooting of photos than previous MacBooks , also supports the
a small airplane is flying through a clear sky over the city of Hanoi . A few hours later , the U.S. Coast Guard announces the aircraft has made a landing on a beach on the island of Ni
a glowing bathroom mirror that lights in a mirrorlike color . A small , black , white , and yellow `` Jenny '' ( who appears to be a girl with blonde hair and pink eyes ) appears to be
a woman dressed up with a boat in a bikini , and she 's holding a sign in front of her saying `` Do n't be a slave . '' She is wearing a shirt that says `` NO TO BE A CHILD ''
a bamboo basket sitting on top of a pine tree . The bamboo basket was attached to the basket by a bamboo chain , which contained a bamboo rope that held the baskets together and the bamboo rope that held the baskets together .
a plain white bathroom that is completely unfurnished . No one in the bathroom will ever see it . The bathroom is located on the corner of the main street that runs over to the intersection of the second and
a black puppy with a ball in its mouth . '' The baby is still quite young . `` What do you think of the girl ? '' `` She 's adorable , '' '' What are you doing
a poor looking room has a hot plate . The room is a very small one with a few small rooms . There is a large kitchen with lots of cooking tools . There is a huge dining
a photograph where the only color is coming from a piece of paper , and what I 'm doing is that I 've made a point of looking up my camera on a map and I 've found the whole world 's largest map
a picture of a backpack in an airport parking lot . According to Fox News , that is where she was last seen in the state . She was last seen at a party in the car belonging to her
inside a airplane hangar , a stealth plane , a stealth bomber or an airship . The world is also at war with itself . The planet is in a state of war with itself . It 's been
a dog is sleeping on the step by step ; the dog is not sleeping . So , if you want to have a dog or a cat , you have to have a dog or a cat , then you have to have
a motorcycle person that is doing some tricks on his or her motorcycle . Bicycle theft is a felony that can be committed by anyone who is in or near a car , if the person is operating a motor vehicle
one black motorcycle and one red motorcycle next to each other , and the second one also has a red engine , and is mounted on the front of the motorcycle . The motorcycle is covered with black leather and a white trim .
a bathroom scene with a bathtub and a towel . His family believes he is mentally ill and that his death was the result of a misunderstanding . The FBI has not commented on the case . `` It
two red motorcycles are parked by the curb , and they are stopped by the police . The police are not allowed to pull over the bikes , but they can pull them over for a little while and then get out and pay
a large blue and yellow jet taking off from the US coast for a trip back from Europe on a ship ( AFP Photo/Jorge Mendez ) Washington ( AFP ) - An Australian man has died in a
a pink stuffed animal sitting at the bottom of my fridge . `` It 's not a thing that 's 'out there , ' it 's a thing that they 've seen me do for a long time . '' I look at
a toilet that is very clean in a way that a toilet ca n't be . The toilet is also very clean in a different way from the one I used when I was in my early 20s . There are no broken
man ironing while opening a pot on the stove . Step 4 : Add the remaining flour , salt and baking powder and stir until smooth . Step 5 : Assemble the top and bottom of the pot
blue toilet in a small restroom with words in it . It 's a sign that the bathroom is a safe place to pee . `` We all want to be more comfortable , even though we 're all different . We
a stuffed animal is sitting on the top of a tree in the middle of the woods , and it 's a good time to stop by to see it . The second location near the top of the tree is the
a black and white photo of a propeller in a black and white picture of a propeller in a black and white picture of a propeller in a black and white picture of a propeller in a black and white
a very old picture of a women posing in front of a window , with a little girl on the left , and a man on the right . He is wearing a shirt with a collar , and he is holding a hat
a stove top and counter in a kitchen . 3 . Add a large bowl of water to a large pot , or a small pot of boiling water , or add a good pinch of salt or pepper with a pinch
a man and dog on a motorcycle in the back of a stolen van . `` The two men were arrested before they were arrested on separate charges , but have since been released from the hospital , '' said Dr. Mike
a photo of a blue fighter jet on a plane bound for the Chinese border , and a photograph of the man standing next to a tree with his head covered by a helmet . He was wearing khaki shorts with the head
a group of people that are in a very different direction than we are . They 're not just here to watch me , they 're here to watch my family , my friends . You ca n't say `` I 'm
a photo of a restroom containing two toilets . A photo of a female restroom with a restroom with two bathrooms , and a photo of another female restroom where two bathrooms are located . I 'm going to take a break
several people standing around with a green flag , and I 'm just so happy to have this opportunity when I 'm there . `` I 'm really excited to go out there and be able to do something like this
a kitchen scene with several people preparing food for the event . The restaurant is located at 1055 E. Second St. at the corner of Second and Second Street in San Francisco . According to the San
a lot of people and some motorcycles in the area are now moving . I do n't know why . It 's a good thing that it 's going to stop . `` The problem is the new infrastructure is not there
a man is laying on a small bench , and there is a man who is sitting on a chair . There 's a man who is sitting in the middle of the room . There 's a man in the middle of the
man blowing out white candles on top of his house , his wife and kids . He has said , `` I 'll be watching the news , so if anyone 's out there , feel free to tell me . '' ``
a close up of a plane with several people in the cabin and a woman inside . She was wearing a white T-shirt and black jacket . `` It 's my first time in the U.S . There
black cat with green eyes sitting in a cage . A small white tarantula is sitting on the edge of the cage . `` Oh my God , what 's that ? '' The cat is struggling against the tarant
a bathroom has a white wicker cabinet that contains the flooring and a toilet . Wicker cabinet contains white wicker cabinet Wicker cabinet contains shower Wicker cabinet contains laundry room
two bikes parked next to each other on a stretch of road , the other on the opposite side of the road . The first two bikes were parked on the side of the road and the third bike was parked on
pink , yellow , and blue sky . This is the place to see the world . The great tree has its own name : the 'Pegasus ' . It is the only tree in this world that can
a bike with a basket and side mirror . She will be on a bike that is a little bit more light weight than the bike in the picture and she will look good on it . The bike is quite short
a motorcycle has a bicycle on the back , but not a front . So why not a bicycle that has a front door ? A bicycle has a windshield , but not a rear . So why not a bike with
a crowd of people standing on top of the steps leading down to the building . As you walk through the plaza , you 'll notice a couple of rows of high-rise buildings and large buildings that look like they
a picture of a stop light in the back of a car . The car was parked in front of a small intersection at the center of a busy intersection . ( Photo : File photo ) A man who was on
a series of urinals on a graffiti-covered bus in the center of the city . Some of the graffiti has been circulating online since last month , when the city 's chief for police and police unions sent out
a painting of a house showing the bathroom and bathroom was taken out of the building by a neighbor and its contents stolen . The man has since been identified as a suspect in the case . The incident occurred in the 7200
two toilets facing one another with privacy barrier . The two-meter-wide barrier , dubbed the `` Gatorade Barrier , '' is designed to protect a man from being sexually assaulted . `` You have to
a restroom with focus on the modern sink and the toilet . Dating back to the 1930s , when she was a young woman , her mother was not sure if she wanted to be a prostitute or a waitress
a metal bicycle has a wooden straw basket with a seat . The bicycle is a bit different . The wheel is made from wood , and the seat is made from metal . It is actually rather easy to pick up
a bathroom with a mirror tiled wall , which can be used to view the other side of the building . `` If you go back to the first floor , you 're going to see it , '' said Korn
a group of bikers riding near a bridge that snakes through Brooklyn 's South Park . ( Jonathan Ernst/Reuters ) As the city 's most popular bike route gets gentrified , the area is becoming less bikeable
a picture of a plane in a room with its windows closed and the sound of a plane slamming into a house . At this point , I was more than likely just a little disappointed , but I was also a
woman sitting beside table posing for picture with his parents outside a family-run restaurant in Vancouver . ( CBC ) A large woman sitting beside table posing for picture with her parents outside a family-run restaurant in Vancouver
a black motorcycle parked on gravel next to the road . The rider in white , wearing a white shirt and jeans , looked around the neighborhood with the three other black riders . `` She was getting ready for her ride
a kitchen with a black stove top oven and a black stainless steel pan . We also use a black stainless steel stove top baking pan . We make our own bread using only our own homemade flour , eggs , and
a pink cookie jar on a tile kitchen floor . ( See the photo above for more details . ) Tall , yet sturdy , this jar is an excellent idea for a dessert or a quick trip to the store .
three people people in a kitchen preparing food for a family of four when someone came in and asked them to cook the meal , '' said David J. Kroll , a chef at the restaurant . `` We just came
a sink and bathtub in bathroom with his wife and two children . He says he made a mistake in not telling his wife about it . `` I did n't do anything wrong , '' he says . `` But I
a blue car makes a right turn at the end of the drive and is going to go down the right-hand side on the left-hand side . But then the red car goes right and goes down the right-
a man gets back into his car in an effort to get a call back , but the caller is still on the phone . While the man is on the phone , the victim is taken to the hospital where he
a photo taken through a bathroom door of the family 's home , on the grounds of their home . `` I do n't want to see their children getting to these movies , '' said a young girl who was not involved
a kitchen scene looking over the table at the group of 20 , who were all staring at each other as they left the room . `` I do n't think we 'll see them again , '' said the younger girl as
a blue and white plane taking off from a runway in New York City . ( Photo : Getty Images ) The FAA has announced a $ 1.9 billion budget for the FAA to improve safety for pilots , including
a dog that is in the back of her car . She was found shot to death by a neighbour on the 20th day of the week on the same night . She is now in police custody .
four women watch on as a man cooks and an older woman watches . But the scene is one of two things that make the scene even more interesting . One , the man is being asked by a woman to cook . The
a person that is eating some food on a regular basis , and then they look at it and say , 'Well , we ca n't eat it if it 's been all week , ' so we just try and keep it low
a kitchen scene complete with a dishwasher , a washroom , and a storage closet , all designed by H. J. Simpson . `` If you 're interested in this kind of thing , '' Simpson told me , `` you
four cow rears stand in front of a cow , and a deer and a leopard stand next to each other ( the same as in the first picture , but with a single cross ) . The above pictures of
a plane that is flying in the air in a similar manner to its predecessors . It will be the first to fly on a passenger jet after its predecessor , the A320 , which entered service in 2005 , was retired .
a small kitchen has appliances and houseplants for all . There are also a lot of small businesses to get you started . The main market for this is local farmers markets , where you can buy seeds for a fee .
a line of people waiting to board a plane to take them to their destination . One of the most common complaints made is that the plane is not taking off . It 's not . It is not .
elephants in the side mirror of a river . The number of people who live in the area is limited . Most of it is in the lower end of the region and the numbers are increasing .
a picture of a counter and some chairs in the basement . The group of people was the first to leave the building after the fire , but after that they were escorted into the park . The incident is
a stuffed bunny in a toilet bowl and a bag of chips for the children . Sara 's parents were horrified when , four years ago , they learned they would have to pay their $ 5,000 medical bill
a cat that is playing on the ground and trying to get over the fence to get away from him . Then he gets hit by a bullet and does n't come back up . He does n't come back up . And he
two giraffes look interested from their horns . ) We 've seen it before . We 've seen it once . We 've seen it once again . We 've seen it twice .
two groups of surfers walk side by side on the beach . `` The only reason we have this situation is because we are a small island , and it 's not very sustainable , '' he said. ''
a motorcycle that is parked in a parking lot . A spokesman for the Oregon Department of Transportation said the car was parked in the parking lot of the Walmart parking lot , which is off Chestnut Street .
a man in a blue shirt shaving his head , then stood up . `` How did you do ? '' `` I just took a few shots , '' said the man . `` I know you 're going to be
two male skateboarders rolling down a sidewalk as the crowd began to boo . `` We 're not going to tolerate this , '' the officer said . The event was supposed to take place on the sidewalk for
a man rides a speed bike on a road in the town of Stuyvesant . His bike has been seized by investigators . ( Photo : John Nolte , AP ) The New York Police Department seized
a picture of a very nice kitchen in the old town of Chittagong . It is called the `` Little Chittagong Village '' . The village is in Chittagong Town , the former town of Ch
a lot of people that are by a lot of people that are just trying to do what they want , and they 're not really the ones that are on the receiving end of it . I think that 's what 's really
a window filled with teddy bears and balloons . She took a few photos . She was pretty good at that . This is how she had her first day on the job . `` I 'm so glad she did
a black and white photo of a room with a room with a room with a room with a room with a room . A room with a room with a room with a room with a room with a room with
a stop sign next to two trashcans , a `` bailout '' sign and some trash on the side of the freeway . The city said it will pay $ 3.8 million in fines for the
a motorcycle that is parked on the side of the road in front of the intersection where the crash occurred . `` I 've never seen anything like this , that 's why it occurred , '' said James Gebhardt ,
two jets are taking off from a runway near the Philippine capital Manila , on April 9 , 2015 . ( AP Photo/Bobby Yip ) ( Photo : BOB YIP/AFP/Getty Images )
a racer on a red , white and blue lap . A few years ago , before he even went to college , he took a job working as a waiter at a restaurant in Atlanta . He was going to be
bananas being sold and a man looking to buy one . This is not the first time the city has seen a spike in violence . In 2007 , a man shot and killed a pedestrian in the city 's east
a police car sitting in front of a house in Kolkata . Police said they were searching for two suspects after they came to the house in the suburb of Bajrang Dal 's Manesar .
two people outside of a stone building near the center of the city . A man holds a sign reading `` We are not slaves , we are free . '' Credit : AP This is the second time a group
a large church tower with a clock mounted on the ground . The police told The Guardian they were `` trying to find out what happened , but were also concerned that an Islamic extremist was at the scene '' .
a couple of cops at a busy intersection , which we were able to shoot through the front windshield . The officers then took the vehicle and drove it back to the intersection . But the video shows the officer not even
a man standing next to a wood burning fireplace , a man holding a gun and a woman in a shirtless black dress . The man in the black dress , whose face is covered by a black t-shirt
three dogs on leashes standing next to each other . The owners of the dogs said the dogs would not be allowed to visit the homes because of safety concerns . The dogs were abandoned on their own ,
the inside of a vehicle driving down a street or driveway in New York City . The NYPD 's response to the `` suspicious vehicle '' is to take steps to prevent a similar incident in the future .
a black leather clad person on a white plaid jacket , with a black belt and a black belt . The black belt is of a black leather . The black belt is of a white leather . He was carrying
a small white bathroom with a toilet and a small sink with a toilet sink . After the incident , a police officer went to the bathroom and found a bloody nose on the toilet . He was taken to
a small black dog sitting in the basket in front of my bedroom . The dog is named `` Miss Nellie '' because I think it is the name of the little black dog . I 'm really excited to see who
a woman standing in front of a bathroom door . The woman was carrying a small children 's toy , she said . She said the girl was holding an iPad , a book and a small camera .
a single engine plane flying low over a large lake in northern France . The plane was seen in a helicopter for about half a mile , and was followed by two other jets . The French aircraft were not seen flying , but
a man riding a bike close to a high school in the west , the cyclist said , `` I just want to help him . '' In the late afternoon , the cyclist said he heard the cyclist 's name and shouted
a blue laptop is next to a small desktop computer . It 's also the most compact laptop in my opinion . It 's a great value for the money . The best part ? It 's $ 35 less than a
a woman is taking a picture in a mirror . `` I am a woman who works in a job that is not open to women , and for the second time in my life , I have not thought of myself
a cookie jar is sitting on a white table . It 's kind of like a large pizza box in the middle of the room , so you have to be careful not to get too close to it . I 'm
a blue door with a white and black door . The door looked like a keyhole in the wall , but it had a large , wide , and deep indentation to it . A boy stood in the doorway
a stovetop with multiple kitchen appliances along with a large fire pit . The family says they hope to make a living on the land . `` We want to take back this land and this country and this
a couple of women and one man preparing to go to prison . The man was found beaten and bleeding , and was taken to the hospital . The women were later found to have been sexually assaulted and then raped . ''
a bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to the bathroom . `` You ca n't just do that . We had to take out the trash and put it back in the toilet , '' she said . `` I
a mine riding a motorcycle past a restaurant in New York City . After a few minutes , he realized his mistake and pulled all the way to the bank . He said he did n't want to go to jail ,
a motorcycle parked among a group of motorcycles . A police officer was holding up a sign in front of the motorcycle , which was seen to be parked in the dark . The motorcycle was stopped at an intersection by the
a white toilet sitting inside of a bathtub . Then he threw the first set of instructions on the floor . He started to run down the stairs . He could see what appeared to be a small , red-eyed girl
a man sitting on a park bench next to a white van . She said the men had been driving the van , then driving their young children to school . The woman said the men had been holding a
a kitchen with a sink full of dishes to go . The kitchen is very nice with a big , wide patio and the kitchen is nice to have when it 's cold out . The main restaurant is amazing
an intricate motorcycle stunt scene performed by professionals . The stunt was filmed in the mountains of Kota Kinabalu 's Nui River , a remote part of the region where the famous Yutu Falls are located
a stove top oven sitting next to a bowl , and the top of the bowl with the lid on . Put the lid on and let it rest for 20 minutes . Cover the lid with plastic wrap and let it set for
a pictorial instruction on how to bake cookies , or a simple cookie recipe . For more on cookies , see the cookie store . The number of places to buy cookies has grown since the early 20th century ,
a his and her sink set in a pool of water . `` Now , what did you do to me , Mr . Johnson ? '' `` What you did to me , Mr . Johnson ? '' `` You ,
a road curving around hills has one of the most magnificent picturesque views of Ireland on the British Isles , with the picturesque landscape of the surrounding hills and valleys . The picturesque landscape of Ireland on the
a man and woman are riding a speedboat in the middle of the river . Mallory : ' I heard the sound of the boat sinking and then it sank , and I thought that I heard that he
a man sitting in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a chair in a
a cook standing in a professional kitchen preparing and serving the food . With the help of a few friends , he was able to produce a delicious and delicious meal in just a few minutes . With the assistance
a propeller plane flying through a blue sky . It had a long and beautiful runway and the runway had a large sky . It was about the size of a small house . The first thing I saw was a
two toilets facing each other in a bathroom , and the two of them were in a room of a building . As they watched the two men and the woman , one of them was lying on a bed with her
a new flat-screen t.v . for Android . You can still use the old Android version on your Mac if you want to install it from the Apple App Store . If you want to use the old
an green army motorcycle parked behind a van . `` We have to get the car and the cops have to show up and we have to go back and get the van , '' he said . He said the police were
a racer turning into a curve on his way to a win . The fact that I 'm a guy who has been working on my craft for so long does n't mean that I 'm not getting ready to hit the
a blue laptop sits on a desk next to a laptop that looks like a black laptop . The laptop is a little smaller than the MacBook Pro , but it still looks like a laptop . It holds a laptop .
a nice blue laptop on a messy table , the owner of my laptop is sitting on a chair in front of my laptop . I 've got two black and white monitors and a large hard drive . I 'm not sure how
the small bathroom is very clean and empty ) and at least three other people were able to watch the movie . I was also surprised by the amount of nudity on the set as they had already decided that the boys were having
the elderly man is watching the screen in horror as he is hit by a car . The car 's engine is smashed and the man is killed . The following day , an Israeli police officer is killed and two more
three airplanes with floats sitting on the water . The water was so cloudy that the water was leaking down the side of the house , and the water was only a few inches deep . The next day ,
the indian woman is standing near the river , but she is facing the river and she is holding the river . Then the woman with the white robe is standing at the river . `` Now , '' said the woman
kitchen with refrigerator , range and ventilator . SCHOOL The best choice is to take the test kitchen . We recommend the test kitchen for our students , who usually spend their time in the
a man standing behind a food counter cooking a meal . An old man with a large beard stands next to the counter at the corner of the street and a young man in his early 30s stands next to the counter .
an image of a green bus parked near the International Trade Centre in New York City in this still image taken on July 30 , 2014 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid The U.S. and Britain have
a couple of bowls in a large bathroom stall . `` I 'm not sure if this is the best place to go to to eat , '' she said . `` But it was a good one . I 'm just glad
a bunch of bowles with chocolate being my favourite , but I was so excited to try this ! My favourite part was that we also got a chocolate bar ! It was so good and the chocolate was so soft
a bathroom that is kept neat and tidy . I would call it an `` outdoor bathroom . '' There 's no sign of a door , there 's no sign of a sink , there 's no sign of the toilet
entryway to a bathroom , toilet and shower . One of the other men was shot but survived . The suspects were arrested at a residence in the 6000 block of West 4th Street . They were charged with possession
two longboarders coasting , crouching , sitting in their seats and looking out on the water . They have one of those weird , tiny little bubbles that you can see in the water , but it 's so tiny
people working in a kitchen next to containers , or in the back of a truck . But the more dangerous the danger , the more people will become involved in the business . `` It 's the people who are at
two separate sink bowls side by side in the center of the bowl . Cover with plastic wrap and place bowls on top of the bowl . Bake at 350 degrees for 11-12 minutes . Remove from oven and allow to cool
a parked motorcycle on asphalt with a kickstand . The other guy , a black driver , is standing next to me . I hear the same thing , I hear screaming . I 'm standing in front of him , and he
a clock and sign on overpass with a foot above the ground . The new approach was made possible by a number of changes in the design of the original tower , including a change to the construction of the new
three urinals and another toilet in a hotel room . Some of the staff were arrested as a result . A video taken from the hotel room shows the staff shouting at the men , but the victims are kept silent
a cook is in the kitchen preparing a meal . When she reaches her plate , she stops the plate and looks down at the plate , then looks up to see the chef 's name . The chef 's name is James F
two toilets facing each other in a restroom . `` It 's kind of a strange world when they 're in a hotel with a bunch of tables , '' said Gabor . `` I mean , you know what I mean
an old photo showing a woman near a mannequin at the intersection of the River and Halsey . The woman is wearing a black tie and a gray shirt with a red hood . The mannequin
a turkey and vegetables cooking in an oven or oven for a full day . Cooking in a microwave can be quite challenging , but the best way to do it is to bake a turkey dish all in one sitting
a japanese cook stirring a large pot of water until it boils . Add garlic and saute until fragrant . Add the japanese , and saute until fragrant . Add
the two people are in the kitchen cooking dinner , and I 'm going to take the rest of the dinner out with the guys , and they 're going to go sit down and eat their meals . '' After all ,
a person sitting on a wall ledge near the end of the stairs . A second person stands on another ledge and is standing on the other side of the stairs . A person sitting on a wall ledge near the end
a restaurant kitchen has two prep isles and a single vegetable dish . The kitchen is also equipped with food preparation equipment , including a fridge , a refrigerator and a stand . The kitchen is also equipped with
an apartment 's sleek bathroom , white sink , and spacious living room . The kitchen is not only a master bedroom , but also a dining hall , as well as a dining room where you can enjoy a variety of
two jets are sitting in a grassy lot . They 're not shooting at the enemy , they 're not shooting at the enemy . And I 'm going to take a look at a plane that 's in the fire . The
a white colored vanity area with a mirror and a vanity button , which I use to open up my vanity area . The mirror and vanity button are the same size and shape as the first vanity , but there 's
a charming country bathroom includes a hotel style dining room on a side patio with a large glass ceiling and a fireplace . The bathtub has a large mirror with an inside view , and it has a small fireplace with a wooden
a toilet with extended help bars and a shower . The company provides a lot of free space for kids , and the women can still have an open shower . `` We had all those women come in and try to
a sleek kitchen includes walnut cabinets and an open kitchen with a living-room bathroom . It 's an ideal setting for an all-night vacation . The kitchen is equipped with a large closet with two chairs with
a large yellow walled bathroom with white walls and dark , round windows . There are many reasons why it 's a great building , but one of the most common is its size . It 's almost certainly the largest
a cabinet in a bathroom has been improperly installed , but no one has been arrested . '' On Tuesday , an Illinois state judge ordered the department to provide the documents as evidence of the violations . And in a
picture of mis-matched kitchen , whiteboard , and door panels . The three-story building is a home of a local family that owns a grocery store and the family is in love with its location , according
a healthy cat us lying i. the other animal and the other animal is always a dead cat . Now the problem is that the animal is actually doing well . The other animal is in very bad condition . For
motor bike taking a fast turn on a street corner with no stop signs . A new survey commissioned by the New York City Transit Commission shows that more than half of all New Yorkers believe there should be a ``
the three friends are standing in the parking lot and the driver is yelling at them . I do not know how long he 's been there , but I 'd say it 's probably about two or three hours . I do n't
a man is shaving while looking in a mirror . That 's a pretty big deal . When he got home he thought he had a problem with his hair . `` I went into my room and I started
a stainless steel toilet with a little pinky on the top . The toilet is a good deal of fun and we highly recommend it . The toilet is very clean and easy to clean . All of the water is
people sitting on a concrete barrier by the River Thames . But the local authority has insisted that the construction of this section of the bridge is not the responsibility of the local authority . It has also insisted that
a bathroom vanity is adorned with an elegant , gold-plated mirror . The mirror is also placed on the ground to protect the face from the sun . The mirror also appears to have a large mirror in which the mirror
close-up of fruits and vegetables on a large-scale . `` I ca n't say that everything is going to be perfect , '' he said . `` I ca n't say that the quality of the food is going
a man is seated on an airplane watching a TV screen . `` That 's the first time I 've ever seen a man in uniform in a military uniform , '' he said . The video , taken from a
a bathroom stall with a toilet and the other half of the house , but did not give it to me . The place was completely empty . It was a bit like the place I have been before . I was
seven oranges stacked together in a white bowl . You get half of the juice and half of the sugar , and then you add it to the fruit . The other half of the juice is then added to the fruit and it
red , white and blue plane in the middle of the map . `` It was a nice sight , '' said one passerby , who wanted to remain anonymous . The scene unfolded in the early hours of Saturday
the under carriage of a jet plane on the deck of a U.S. Marine Corps aircraft carrier with two other Marines aboard . No one was injured . `` He 's a good guy , so I
a cruiser bike in line with others at one of the sites in the city . `` We have a long way to go to make sure that we 're doing everything we can to ensure that people are safe , '' said
a very nice and modern bathroom sports a very nice kitchen and a nice outdoor living space with a large garden and a great view. < |endoftext| > The White House has offered to help people in Iraq to flee to Europe to avoid ``
a bathroom is shown with an adult toilet . One of the girls who has been told she was sexually assaulted was told to lie on her back as she had been lying in bed . She told investigators she was ``
a fighter jet on a runway with a regime missile , activists said . The government confirmed that the US drone strike hit a military base in the eastern province of Khan Sheikhoun , near the Syrian border .
a man painted green wearing a santa hat . This was a long time ago , so I do n't have the details to determine the exact date of the incident . The woman , identified only as ``
a yellow cat with stripes laying on its back . Its name ? It 's a cat that is believed to have been captured by the Chinese military in China 's territorial waters in the South China Sea . The
an older couple makes breakfast together in a small house in the village of Tazwara . She has been to the village of Tazwara twice , a few times she says. < |endoftext| > The most important issue in
bikers on bikes in front of a car , when you 're already in a car with a big load of people , you do n't have to worry about it . But when you 're in a car , you are really
an image of a person splitting snails into two and being reunited with the other two ( image courtesy Getty Images ) . In this case , the person was a young woman in her early 20s . She had lost
a dog sleeping on the front poor of the house '' I 've been told that we should leave it for the poor dog to look after , '' she said . A neighbour said she could hear someone screaming as
a horse is saddled up while a lady has a horse , and she is so called a `` battler . '' A woman carries two or more young men into her house , and the first of them is a soldier
a room with wooden cabinets and a brown leather couch that was built of a piece of plywood and a metal piece of wood . I 've never been to a place like this before , but there were so many of us
a redesigned neutral bathroom looks spacious and inviting . The new bathroom features six small shower stalls , a full kitchen and a modern , modern bathroom design . The new bathroom has a large , modern , modern-looking ,
a brick building has an almost full bike parking lot , there 's no parking in the street so you can park in the building . It 's a pretty nice area for a bicycle . The building is a little bit
a dog sitting in the middle of a crowded street . I 'll take care of that one . It 's one of those things where you realize how little you actually care about what they 're doing , and you just
an image of a girl with a blue face and a pink tail , and she has red hair and purple eyes , which are in fact the same color as her hair . In the first episode of her character 's
an image of a building with several cars , and a flag that reads `` Stop Hate Crimes Against Our Neighbors '' . `` We will continue to be a welcoming community and encourage all residents to be respectful of each other
a green tortoise bus with a man in the background . A young man holding a black flag with a red heart is seen in a video on Facebook , with a woman in a white shirt , talking to him
there are two people posing and one man sitting in the middle of the room , and it 's probably the woman in the middle , probably the woman in the middle of the table and the other man in front of her ,
a small kitchen nook has been furnished with an array of kitchen appliances , stove-top appliances , and a dining room that serves as a dining room for meals , a dining room for dinner , and so on . The
an image of a bathroom with a sink . Diana 's dad , Richard , said Diana was a good girl , but her dad said he did n't approve of her having a bathtub . `` They
a man on a motorcycle dressed in black and a black hoodie pulled up in front of him . `` He did n't see me , he was just going at it , '' one of the police officers told the Herald
an outdated bathroom with blue tiles and floral carpets . The bathrooms were `` pretty clean '' and had little furniture . `` We 'd have to pay more to have a bathroom , '' said the resident , who has a
a bathroom with marble bath tub and sink with a stainless steel sink . This is a place for families to spend the day . We have tables and chairs and an all-day dining room with tables and chairs to
there is a toilet with a push button , '' he said . The bathroom is a little farther down the road from the city 's main highway . `` I 'm not going to lie , we 're going to
a person with a painted face is riding a bicycle or a motor vehicle with a painted face . ( c ) A person who rides a motorcycle or a motor vehicle in a manner that is likely to cause bodily injury to another
a racer is taking a sharp turn with a new high-tech racing car . A new Mercedes-AMG GT-R S , which features a turbocharged four-cylinder engine , is being developed by
a motor cycle procession down a wet street in Bournemouth . Photograph : The Guardian The first sign of the change was a white sign at the front of the motorway , which said : `` The motorway
a blue clock on the top of a wall in front of his office . He wore a dark blue shirt and gray pants , and was wearing a black backpack with a grey strap and a black strap with a white buckle .
a photo of a kitchen a with appliances on the kitchen table . `` It was like a fire in the kitchen , '' said Mr. Burt . `` You can hear it . It was like if you were talking
a dated kitchen reveals a wall hung furtively from the ceiling , and a second floor kitchen shows a few open closets . But the most interesting detail is the fact that the building 's ceiling never seems to
there is an old brick building with a little girl on it , and when I walked in she told me that we should go home , and then she said to me that we would go home and I should go home and
an airplane being serviced at the airport . The incident occurred on the morning of February 10 , 2017 , at 07:00 hours local time . A Boeing 777-200ER , which was flying from
an adult elephant walking in the side view , which was originally built by the French National Museum in the 1940s . While the elephants were roaming the streets on the night of August 4 , the animals were taken off
a dog is resting across a backseat ? It 's a dog that has been in and out of our home for many years and we do n't take any chances . It has never been a problem , it 's
a toilet placed in a bathtub for the purpose of cleaning up . He was then removed from the bathtub and the toilet was removed from the toilet seat . The following day , the police found the toilet in the bath
a bathroom with multiple stalls with doors and windows . The first time I walked into the bathroom , I was so disgusted and embarrassed with myself . I felt like I was going to vomit . I was just disgusted with
a man is sitting on a bench while waiting for the bus . The bus is waiting for him . He is waiting for him . `` He 's waiting for me , he 's waiting for me . '' ``
view of kitchen sink and counter with blackboard . I did n't know what it was going to be , but I did know it was going to be very cold and with a cold chill on the outside . I did n't
a cat is pushing a door open with a hand-grenade . `` It 's not a problem , but it 's an issue with our police department , '' he said . The police chief said the officer
a yellow car driving away on the road . We ran to the car and ran up on the road . Then the car was gone . We ran back to the house . We ran back to the house and we made a
woman on boat taking photo of a plane . No , the plane was not an `` aircraft carrier . '' The only other planes to go down when the U.S. plane was downed was the USS Abraham Lincoln
a man looking into a mirror shaving in his bedroom in Brooklyn , N.Y. , in this April 11 , 2013 file photo . ( AP Photo/John Raoux , File ) Rape is not a crime
the kitchen stove with mixer on the countertop , microwave , and then place the top of the pan on top of the stove . Turn a few times with a wooden spoon , and place the lid on the stove
a big dalmation like dog is the best one for me . I 'm so very happy I got this . I love all of my dogs , but I just wanted to take my dog with me for a day .
a row of appliances sit on a kitchen table and have a small cabinet with a few pots and pans and a coffee table . `` It really is a really nice piece , '' Schuyler says . When you 're
a young man wearing black attire and a black leather jacket , and said he was going to take a picture with his gun in the process . A witness told ABC News that he heard a loud bang and saw a
indians ride tandem on a motorcycle through the streets of Istanbul , Turkey and Ankara on a road map to their final destination , their last destination , the Istanbul International Airport . By mid-June , the Turkish government
a brown dog laying on the back seat . `` They say there 's no way you can get a car that has a white car seat and that 's exactly what they 're telling us , '' says John Kolles
a garage has many riders and motorcycles outside of the garage to ride the bikes through , but I had my own way of riding . It was easy to learn and a lot of fun . I have been riding for 20 years
a skier takes off down a snowy slope . It is a beautiful day for skiing . In the evening , I am on a climb of the top of an abandoned mountain . It is a very steep climb that
toilet with lid off sitting in a box on the floor , you can see how the floor is being dusted off . This is a huge relief when you 're thinking about how to get around the house .
an image of a bike parked next to an ice rink . On Tuesday , the city 's police department said it was responding to reports of a man being assaulted by a woman at a McDonald 's in a west suburban
a bathroom has a toilet and a bidet . As it turns out , the girls were actually pretty much all the same , even though they were all in the same room . ( Image : Facebook )
an older person on an air plane looking for his son , a young man was shot and killed by a man who was in the same aircraft . The incident happened at a private home in the 1000 block of East
a motorcycle sitting on a sidewalk near parked cars . A woman is seen in this close-up image from a video posted by a social media site that shows a man walking past a parked car at the scene of
bicycles parked on the pavement outside the store , and a second man , a man and a woman , were walking in the front of a store in a brightly lit , white Toyota Land Cruiser . The two
the bathroom has a sink , toilet , and laundry . The bathroom is in the room with the toilet and sinks . '' The woman said she had been told by her supervisor at the time that `` she was being paid
an airplane bathroom has warning signs on the back that warn people to avoid it . `` There is a strong smell of ammonia , and when you step inside , you have to be careful to not touch anything on the bathroom floor
a kitten eating food out of a dishwasher ! `` The cat was pretty cool , so I just wanted to give her a nice warm hug , '' said one of the owners . The kitten is now being
there is a small window in a stone room which is used to show the city 's history . The city built a monument to the city and its people but it is only for the sake of the city and the village .
dimly lit bathroom with sink , toilet , and kitchen . A few days ago , my wife and I went to the gym . It 's a great place to meet new people . We were sitting at a table
a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a chair . While I 'm going to let you know how much I love my new apartment , I also wanted to give some background about it . It 's about my parents
stainless steel oven with pan of rice . It 's a good idea to use a food processor to get the right ratio of calories to fat . 6 . Mix vegetables , rice , salt and pepper in a
a man riding a motorcycle and turning steeply to a stop in an intersection on a busy road . `` I 'm a little nervous , '' he said . `` I 'm scared to death . '' He said he
an image of several boats docked in the harbor . The city is known for its beauty , and in January , the mayor told a council meeting that he planned to make it a center for `` the arts and culture of
two people riding skate boards on a hilly road . `` People say it 's going to be a nightmare , '' said Ryan . He said he was told `` we 'll be able to see what happens next
a kitchen has a small round dining table , and a large dining table where you can eat . You can also try this kitchen and find it very useful . You will also find it to be very well maintained .
a pizza is cheesy with sliced black olives , mushrooms , and a sprinkle of sour cream and cheese . I also added a bit of a bit of vanilla to the mix and added some fresh basil . It was a great
the counter holds many small appliances and tools that are used by the shopkeepers to help with cleaning and cleaning the store . The counter is located in the middle of the street . The door is open and the counter
photo taken through open door into a bathroom in a suburban neighborhood of Oakland , Calif. , on June 3 , 2016 . REUTERS/Mike Blake The two-week-old boy , now 5 , was diagnosed with a
a fighter is jet flying through the clouds . The wind is so strong that the wind , even without a wind instrument , is still blowing . The wind is so strong that the wind instruments are still not working . The wind
an orange tabby cat rests on the bottom of the basket , with his feet up and his head bowed up . `` I ca n't believe it , '' I say , laughing . `` Come on , '' the
a black and white dog is in the middle of a long grass path . He is walking in the open . `` He 's a beautiful dog , but he has a problem with the grass that 's going up
a jet flying thru the air with a low pitch . The plane landed in a field of snow . I was in awe , and as I went to get my bearings I saw the guy 's face . He was waving an
police officers parked in the street on motorcycles and in front of the house , and they were stopped , arrested and interrogated by the police . We also saw how officers kept moving and being `` out of context '' . In
a woman and a man are cooking food for a woman . These are the rules we need to follow . The only thing that is certain is that I am not crazy , it is my body .
a calico cat laying on the hood of his car at a gas station in the city of Oaxaca . The driver of the car , who did not want to give his name , said that he was
three smiling young people standing in a parking lot . They were trying to get to a friend 's apartment . They were trying to get to a doctor 's office . They were trying to get to a friend 's apartment .
a dimly lit fancy bathroom with 3 baths , a bathroom with a small pool , and a very quiet back room . My first day I was told to stay at the apartment . I went back to my normal
a white bathroom with a glass shower door . `` I have no idea how to get it on that way . I have no idea how to get it through the bathroom . It 's not my job . '' `` I
a black dog sitting in the basket of a bus . It might have been a young black man , or a young black woman , or a young black man 's dog who was driving his car . But one of the dogs
a bathroom with a mirror and a sink , then the two of them walked to a local store and bought a small bottle of water and a small piece of paper to write down their names . `` They said ,
a man is sitting on a bench and we 're just trying to get him out of there , so I 'm just trying to keep him from getting in trouble , '' he said . `` I think that 's it now
a person riding a motorcycle on a closed road is a person who is not authorized to use the vehicle unless the person has the written permission of the department . ( f ) No person is required to apply for a
a hangar or display room with a giant view and a couple of tables where you can sit down and enjoy a day off . The view is stunning , but not without its problems . The interior of the facility is
a woman with a red sweater taking a selfie in a public park in Chicago on Sunday . In some ways , you might think the woman was having fun . But her body language and behavior have caused some
a purple bus with a person on the side , a black man in a white shirt , a black car with a white hood , and a man with a white , white shirt . A driver of the bus ,
a bathroom with two toilets in front of the toilet , which was also used to shower when the girls were sleeping . The incident took place at the beginning of March . Both the girls and their father are in the
a biker rides past a calm lake on the edge of town during a weekend in San Luis Potosi , Bolivia , November 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Slideshow ( 18 Images ) Be
a plane is covered while sitting at an airport , which can cause the aircraft to overheat . The company has to pay a fine of £1,000 for each person affected by the crash . The
a motorcylce sits on the pavement , which is so far from the outside that it 's almost unnoticeable . And it 's made of high-quality materials . `` It is not just about the exterior
a man is in a car holding a knife and a woman is on top of him . The man is holding a knife and the woman is on top of him . The man is holding a knife and the woman is on
bathroom counter with lighting on over mirror , and two large plastic shelves and counter in the back . `` I really like this place because I like the quality of the food and the art , but it 's kind
a bathroom with a round mirror with lighting in the middle . I walked to the bathroom and removed all of the clothing , except for the underwear . I started to get nervous . I felt my legs getting tired and I needed
a girl is at a baseball game while her mother is at a park . She gets upset and leaves . She finds a picture of the girl and the caption says `` She was in a car , driving home from school . ''
an airplane flying in the air with a huge white background on the ground . When I got home from work , I was shocked to see the same plane again . I was excited about getting on a Boeing 737 ,
building steeple with clocks under the top , it is time to have a break in the action . The next day I spent a few hours with a friend at a café in the city . He told me that
a stove is shown with a mixer next to it . It does not have the same capacity as a stove . A microwave oven uses a smaller , larger and stronger microwave that is less expensive than a microwave oven .
a bathroom with a double vanity and a large window , there 's not much room left to move around , so you have to move around the room . We got the idea for this idea from a friend of mine
a stone fashioned church includes a bright blue stone at the edge . It is a very nice stone . It is a very nice stone that has a nice shape and is very solid . The church has many small details
a white bathroom with a checked tile floor and a white wall with a tile ceiling . There is a large dining area and a large bathroom for the baby . There is a large bathroom for the baby . There is
two people standing next to a motorcycle on the same side of the road . I believe that they were trying to do something to help us , '' said the man , who asked to remain anonymous . `` We were both
a room where all the furniture and the floor was neatly arranged . The place was filled with a lot of people , with a lot of women and children . The place was a big space for people to sit and
a man riding a motorcycle on a road , he is seen lying on the ground on his stomach . He was last seen at about 6:30 am on April 19 , 2012 . Police believe the man was driving
a bike part is shown at a close up of the bike in the picture above . It 's quite impressive that you can see the frame being pushed so far forward . The bike has been a part of the project
a cat is sitting on the hood of a car . `` This is because of the fact that these animals were raised on a farm , '' said C.R . Cajon , a biologist at the University of
a red motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles , and a black motorcycle . The police said one of the attackers fled before they could get close enough to the bikes ' front door . Another man , who was not identified
a motor cycle in a parking lot with a red light and the lights flashing . The crash occurred in the parking lot of a store that is owned by the San Francisco Bay Area Transportation Authority . The woman
a large group of motorcycle riders driving down a hill in the middle of the night . One of the riders was on the run from the authorities . The group has been on the run for several weeks .
a pink bunny in a blue water toilet . It 's a great way to get your hands dirty and you 'll want to do it in a way that does n't cause you to feel like you 're being too close
motor cycles parked in a lot near their place of work . That 's where the problem lies . As it turns out , there are some really smart people out there who are working hard to get their
two young men are looking at a computer screen and trying to see if people are interested in the company . The company 's director of operations , Steve Healy , says he 's no longer aware that some of the
a long kitchen table with bottles sitting on it . They would not tell us to leave the table but would just let us keep them there . I 'm not sure if there was any kind of protection . When we were in
the cupboard above the counter is full of the same kind of water . The water is very clean , and the coffee is very good . I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to spend a good
a white and a black bicycle parked in the parking lot . `` The driver did not know that the car was black , '' said Sgt . Michael Loehmann , who was with the San Francisco Police Department and
chances are these tired travelers are also a good place to go for a walk or to grab some refreshments . The Blue Lake Trail , a 16-mile round trip from Seattle to Seattle 's Cascade Mountains ,
a man on a motorcycle pointing his finger at a woman at a nearby shopping mall . He is believed to be the accused . The man was also hit by a car in front of the woman 's car , police
a rectangle shaped wooden dining table with chairs . The kitchen was a large one with a wooden frame and a rectangular wooden table with a wooden floor . Each table was covered with a large number of small wooden chairs . The dining
a pen and a piece of paper in her hand , while I read the news . I wondered if the girl who had written to her mother was really a boy , or an intruder . I was wondering if she was really
airplane workers doing an inspection before the plane was delivered to Doha . The plane left the site after the airport was closed . It is not yet clear how many people have been injured in the crash
two police officers on motorcycles stopped at an intersection near the intersection of North and South Saginaw streets , said a police spokesman . Police said the suspect , who is believed to be a white man , was stopped
a close-up of someone shelling a target . It is difficult to see how such a thing can happen in a situation where the shooter is a civilian . In these circumstances , it is important to make sure that no civilian
a man rides a motorcycle past other motorcycles . It 's like a bad dream , but he does n't really know . He just wants to see the place . But he 's never really been there and he
a red and a black ducati on the other side of his chest . `` They 'd never heard of you , '' he said . The man had been with the city of Milan for a few months
a toilet and a be day with gold . A good day , though , is when you start to get used to the idea of spending money . As the name of the game says , spending money is a means
boy standing on a skate board as seen in the video . The video was posted on Twitter by @ TheReal_Babe . The video has been shared more than 10,000 times on Twitter , with many
outdoor patio for guest seating at a private home . The restaurant is closed for a day or so at the restaurant , and will reopen on Sunday , May 16 , at 11 am , or 9 am , depending
a picture taken by a person on a vehicle with a view to a highway . SECTION 2 . Section 9-10-5-14 . Sec . 9-10-5-15 . Driving
an older man sitting on a bench looking up at the sky . `` Yeah , I know . We 've been here a long time , and we 've been here for a long time . I 've never been here before .
sheep huddle together in a pile of blankets . `` Do n't cry , I 'll just give you a hug . '' Sheep huddle together in a pile of blankets . `` Do n't cry , I 'll just give
a group of guys showing off a cow and some cows . `` It was a very beautiful scene . It was all very well-received , '' said Ryan . The group of cowboys did n't have to
a bathroom with a narrow toilet and hanging baskets . The group of about 40 people , including two students at the university 's centre , were invited to a public ceremony by the government to mark the 10th anniversary of
there is an empty and dirty storage room here , but I could n't find it . The room is filled with old manuscripts , and there are no books on this subject—there is no evidence of any books at all .
the toaster adorned with a face sits on top of the oven . It 's a place where you can share your culinary knowledge with your friends and family . You can even choose to make your own toaster from
an image of plane about to take off , and all the way out in the sky . The plane is in `` a very low orbit at about 250 kilometers per second , about the altitude of Earth '' and has
traffic on a busy street is contrasted with the car-free zones of the city 's south and west . The city 's traffic-free zones and its pedestrian-friendly intersections are both in the rearview mirror
two men are resting on a bench from the side of the stairs that leads down into the basement to the other side of the building . The two men , wearing black clothing , are sitting on the bench facing the
a bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub . I did n't realize I had this kind of thing until I went down and tried to sleep with it . It was like `` I 'm not sure what happened to it . ''
a public toilet station under a palm tree . The idea was put to former Labour leader Ed Miliband by the party 's former national secretary , John McDonnell and his wife , Liz . The party 's former leader
a cat is sleeping on the hood of her car , and the first thing she notices is she 's on the hood of the car . She then sees a guy standing behind her , and he says , `` Who the hell
there are men loading a green tortoise with water ) and some were eating his eggs . I looked around and saw the whole thing was made of water . The water was like a little bottle , the inside was
a kitten is eating cat food from its own pouch . `` When I heard about this , I was shocked . I was very shocked , '' said Mr. Smith . The kitten , named `` Pitbull
the chef is preparing a dish with a spicy tomato . The chef in charge of the kitchen , who is not named , told the newspaper that she was `` really impressed '' by the idea . `` It
two people on skateboards riding down a beach on their bikes . `` I 'm just happy to be here , '' he tells his daughter . `` Just so I can be here . '' In the meantime , he 's trying
a small yellow and black car driving around its side . The driver is clearly not wearing a headscarf . The officer is seen holding the car up to the rear of the vehicle , making eye contact with the
a motor boat driving next to a cougar on the beach in the Netherlands . The incident was captured on video by a local news station and has been posted on the Internet. < |endoftext| > It 's not really true ,
a surveillance camera attached to a building with a mobile phone , and has been used to monitor people around the world . The video was shot by a friend who is a member of the International Security Monitoring Group ( IS
a skier attempts to slow down on the ground . `` It 's probably the least I can do , '' she says . `` I 'm going to have to get used to getting down onto the ground and then try to go
in the corner of this room there are two pillars that are very important to me : a large and small one . I was trying to find out if I can make a small but strong pillar out of this . I tried
a chef preparing food behind a counter with his wife and daughter . `` I 'm not sure if I 'll ever know . `` < |endoftext| > The US Senate has asked the federal government to consider a bill to change the law that
a calico cat sits on the grass and does not leave to get out of the house but instead is waiting for her to come back . She loves to eat and is quite happy with the way her body is doing
a bicycle is parked outside of a stone building . This bike is not a bicycle , and the person who has the right to use it may not use it for other purposes . It is not a vehicle , nor is it
a white and black bathroom with tub and shower , and a white and black bathroom with shower , and a white and black bathroom with tub and shower , and a white and black bathroom with tub and shower , and a white
an empty dining area features round tables with tables up and down the dining area . A full kitchen is located in the dining area with a kitchen sink and a bathtub . The kitchen is equipped with a
the two men sit at the table of one another and talk about how they have lost their sense of their own . One of them says to her , ' I 'm sorry for what you 've done , but you have been
two women and a man talking in a bar , he told them they could have an abortion . `` I just kept saying , ' I want to have it done , ' '' he told the Guardian . `` I went , 'You
a stove with a microwave above it and a large pot of hot water . Bring the water over to boil and simmer for 15 minutes . Remove the lid and stir in the mushrooms . Once they are cooked , add
a bus sits diagonal from the curb next to the road . An orange , red , and green light is visible on the left side of the bus to let people know the location . If you see the light on the right
a stone church with a blue clock on the side . The chapel was open to the public for about 30 minutes . The church is open to the public for about 30 minutes . The sign reads , `` God Bless
people stand around two parked motorcycles at a local park . `` This is kind of a bizarre kind of thing . Nobody likes these things . And we can all agree that maybe it 's not the best thing to do
unfinished bathroom with only a shower base and a few extra sheets of laundry . The bathroom is a large , round and clean living room . It has a large kitchen which is located behind the bathroom .
a new tv on top of an old ones ? I do n't know exactly . But I 'd be willing to bet you 're going to love it . You might also enjoy it if you can afford it ! A few years
a person wearing a helmet riding a bicycle on a highway may carry a concealed weapon for personal protection if the person believes that he or she has been harmed by the person or persons who carry the concealed weapon . (
a motorcycle is on display at a convention center in Columbus , Ohio , on March 11 . ( Photo : David R. Kelly , AP ) SOUTHERN KANSAS CITY , Mo . – A Missouri
two dogs are at a door trying to see who 's up . `` They 're trying to get their dogs in front of the window , '' he said . `` So , it 's always been a good place to be
there are two people standing on the side of the road , right in front of me . I am looking up at them , and I see an old woman wearing a white hat , and I do n't know if I should
there is a young man standing on a balcony of the house , shouting ' I am a soldier ' . I 'm in the middle of it all . '' The teenager had been playing with his son when he was shot dead
a front view of a motorcycle in a park in Grafton . This is the first time that the city has created a bike lane in the borough . ( Photo : Courtesy of the City of Grafton )
someone on a motorcycle is leaning into a bike , so there is some risk . `` It 's not a very safe place to be . You would never do that . You would never look out of the window or
motorcycle in the foreground with people from the group. < |endoftext| > ( Reuters ) - American tech companies are seeking to help their employees better manage online privacy by offering paid virtual private networks that can be used to block websites that
a bathroom with a tank with the floss on , as well as a small shower and a small bathroom sink . The bathroom sink was the only place where I could easily wash my clothes . In the morning ,
a woman is sitting in her chair posing with a young boy , and the boy is a boy . He 's smiling . The girl is the one who is smiling , and the boy is the one who is smiling .
microwave sitting on a counter with a paper towel on it is the only way to get a good view of the landscape , which you can find on a map . If you 're lucky enough to have a decent view
the small bathroom toilet is very neat and clean . We do n't even have to clean our hands or hand luggage . We just have to sit back and enjoy ourselves ! '' A few of the workers at the park have
a man in a uniform cooking of an American meal . `` I never get to see him , no matter what he does on television , no matter what he says on the Internet , '' said his daughter , Samantha .
there are motorcyclists doing tricks on me ) . A lot of people who ride my bike are just not riders . They are in the middle of some kind of dangerous situation in a dangerous spot . They are trying
the three puppies stand near the screen door to the bedroom of a couple who are watching TV while watching The Simpsons . The Simpsons : The Simpsons Companion Volume 1 , Number 6 , p. 8 , ( 1989 )
the dog is lying amongst the herd of sheep . ) The dogs are to be carefully observed and should be left alone for a period of two hours before they are to be killed . An animal should not be killed in
a woman is pulling luggage on to a flight , and it 's going straight to the point where the luggage is out of order . This is one of the worst things I 've ever experienced on air travel , and I can
finished and clean toilet area of a bathroom . A new type of toilet in the same building was also found to have a small hole in the door opening , but no broken glass . The incident happened on
looking through a doorway at a clean and tidy table . He took a seat at the table , and the chair was draped with a towel to protect the eyes from the heat . `` The lady I 'm talking to is the
a bathroom with a sink and a toilet , which is located at the other end of the hall and is also open to the public . It 's also very quiet . We were told it 's been remodeled , but it
beautiful cathedral with tall spire reaching to the top . The cathedral was made from two layers of wood , which is very much the same as the one on the mountain . The walls are covered in stained glass
an old , brown brick building hosts a massive outdoor market for over a dozen different brands . The site is known as `` Chick-fil-A '' for its hot and humid hot dog and ice cream . It has
an orange tabby cat lies down outside of a home where they were rescued from a large tree . The cat was trapped in the tree in a cul-de-sac by a group of men and women who believed in
a picture of a clean white and green jacket next to the box in the foreground , with a little bit of the same . It 's a bit hard to believe that this is a one-off . The company
a calico cat with eyes closed is one of my favorite cat videos with the perfect combination of eye makeup and color . I have been looking for a cat cat for quite some time now and have always been very happy with
a bathroom contains a toilet and a sink . The city will be working with the State Department , the FBI , and other federal agencies to find out if the home was rented , and then determine whether the homeowner will
a traffic light is displaying a green smiley face . The photo is taken from an angle of the intersection of the street and a parking lot at the corner of Green Street and Alder . `` We feel that
a young man holds the bridle of his sword and says : `` I am the Lord of the living . '' The king says : `` I am the Lord of the dead . '' The woman says : ``
a cat is using the toilet in a bathroom . `` It is a really interesting situation , and this is an important step to reduce the number of people coming into our school , '' said Dr. Jeff Smith , chief
a bicycle sits propped up on an elevated platform overlooking the ocean . The man in the red top is the former president of Ecuador 's National Assembly , Rafael Correa , who , along with his wife , was elected president
we are looking through a door at a house they 've never had . `` There are two people there who are saying they have seen the building and know it 's not theirs . If they are not sure , they
a motorcycle in a display with people standing in front of it , as well as a large man and woman on the ground , with the caption : 'No one but you . ' The man was seen waving his arms
large dimly lit bath room with a bathtub and kitchen sink . The main dining room is built on a foundation of wood and glass , with a wooden wall on either side of the living room and the main
the bathroom has three stalls and is dimly lit all night . ) The bathroom is also equipped with a few nice little bathrooms with a few extra beds for those who prefer their room to a bathroom with a full-sized bathroom
the woman in holding a red garment takes a left turn toward the white-haired , young man who has a beard and a smile . `` I want to talk to you , your daughter , '' the boy says . `` You
a group of motorcycle riders stopped in traffic for a block of space , called a `` bike lane , '' at 10 a.m. a short time after the crash , according to the report . The report also described
we are looking across a counter in a bar that just barely has enough people to have a bar . `` They could see the bar and say , 'Hey , can we bring some coffee ? ' That 's when you
a clean white bathroom with radiator grate , but there 's no shower . I just have to look around . I 'm sorry it took so long to get out . What have you done with your hair now ?
the bar of the small bathroom has many small windows that open up into the small , dark room where all the other stuff is . It 's a very unique experience . I 've seen a lot of people go up there and
man and woman with luggage near a doorway was killed in a shooting at a shopping mall that left one person dead and at least 16 others wounded , police said . Authorities said the suspect was identified as 21-year
there is an old plane sitting on the side of the road in the middle of the desert . It 's the same one that I used to go to see there when I was in high school . It was the same plane
a city scene of a sidewalk with a large group of people . `` I saw a couple of people coming up the steps and I said ' I know this is a group of young people , they 're going to
people riding scooters make their way down the street from a building . They 're not going to be on the subway , but they will be on the train . Maybe that 's a better way to explain how the subway works
a woman skiing alone in the snow next to a tree near a school in Gurgaon . She had just finished a tour of the city , when she saw a young boy who had just been playing in the snow next
junk in green and other colors sit in the center of the screen . You can also use the following code to create a new line of code $ ( echo $ filename ) and then save
a kitchen counter has a microwave , sink , and a small dining area near the kitchen . There are a variety of options for your food , including soups , salads , sandwiches , salads and snacks . The kitchen
a clean bathroom has a square shaped sink . The sink is not as big as an old toilet , but it is a smaller one than a new toilet and that 's what you need to change . You might want to change
a man with glasses wearing a hat holds a sign that reads `` I 'm a 'Muslim ' ! '' and others point to the photo on the wall . `` I do n't think that it 's a Muslim , '' said
a silver motorcycle with many lights parked on either side of the road . The motorcyclist was later arrested and charged with aggravated battery . A search warrant indicates the motorcyclist was found not guilty on
small wooden and white kitchen sink with a red-and-white-on-white lid . To see the video for myself , check out what I 've done with it . Advertisements < |endoftext| > In the past
a kitchen counter with a microwave and a set of white plastic cups . It 's not easy to get a good view of what a restaurant looks like without being able to look at the menu . As I 'm walking
woman in big hoop dress sitting down at the table . `` I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , you 're not going to be able to see anyone at the funeral , '' he said . He said he
three dogs by a screen door that has two doors in the front . Pamela said they found one dog which was `` completely in a complete state of undress . '' She said that when they arrived at a
group of motorcycle riders in black riding on a narrow road in the town of Westmoreland , Pennsylvania . `` In the early morning of January 17 , 2012 , a group of black riders riding on a narrow road
two red motorcycles parked at a curb on the corner of Parnell St. and St. George Ave. in the early morning hours of September 20 , 2013 . The motorcycles were parked at the same location as the two
a person riding a motorcycle on a closed road , who is carrying a firearm , and who is at a distance from the road , or in any other manner , and who is capable of being stopped and detained by the police
a man wearing an apron standing in the distance and clutching a bag of chicken , says he was trying to save money . The man , who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid being identified , said he had
a woman is taking a picture in the back seat of a car . `` It 's a very sad moment for the woman , '' said Mr. Deaton . `` It 's not her fault . '' The woman
a bright pink toilet seat with the lid off . `` It 's like having a second-class toilet , '' she said . `` I 'm a big fan of it and it 's really cool to see some
an older man sitting on an airplane with a big nose and a big neck , and he 's going to make a nice play . But as the story goes , the American Airlines crew has to make a decision ,
a sportscars with a number on them . The event was held from September 24 to 26 , 2017 , with the winner winning $ 5,000 in prizes . The competition took place from the 7
a nice kitchen has white cabinets and black cabinets with white cabinets . The bathrooms are all white and white cabinets . The kitchen is black , black with a single black tile . The bathrooms are all black with white tiles .
a cat sitting on a pile of books . `` I 'll just take my time so I do n't kill myself , '' he says . `` It 's really a little lonely , '' says the cat .
a red motorcycle parked with other motorcycles in the area , he said , and then moved his motorcycle to the side of the road to avoid being hit . The officers went to the car to question the man , but
a kitchen nook features a silver stove and a large faucet . A large kitchen has a small sink , a small kitchen sink , and a small sink . A small kitchen has a small sink , a
a bathroom view shows a white shower curtain hanging from a small white wall in a white bathtub . In September , a 17-year-old girl was kidnapped in the city of Jadam , south of
two men are at a large desk with a glass table at the far end of the room . The door to the office is open , and there is a small table and chairs at the far end . A couple of people
a bathroom with a bath tub a sink for showering , laundry , etc . ( 2 ) When a person who has been designated as a victim of sexual assault is a victim of sexual assault by a partner or
a bicycle has been parked on a mattress , while another has been parked on a bed . Police are investigating the incident . Read more : The man has been charged with driving under the influence after
a white room with not that much in it . They were very happy with the way the house looked . The house had been the home of a friend of mine , who was a graduate of college .
a bathroom with a sink that has a hole in it , and when my mother looked at me , she said , `` I think you 're a little crazy . '' I said , `` I 'm going to give you a little
a bathroom has decorations hanging on the wall . The only thing that could keep the house from being engulfed in flames is the windows . One of the windows has lights and a fire extinguisher on it so
well lit kitchen with stainless steel stove and pan , and a large , spacious kitchen with large storage space . I love the fact that this is a new location and I 'm glad I can finally go back to the neighborhood .
items are laying on a long table in a small room , but they are also in a way that makes them very easy to use . The only problem with the design process is that the wood is not quite right
a cook standing next to an outdoor brick wall . `` I 'd be a little surprised if they were able to buy a few more , but I 'm not , '' he said . In addition to the $
a small plane is parked in the waterway , and the pilot looks up to see the pilot 's face . He then goes to the control board , and the pilot begins to cry . His eyes burn , and he starts
this kitchen has all white cabinets and all the appliances . There 's four bedrooms with a bathroom with a kitchen , a bath with a bathtub and a shower . There 's a laundry room with a small table and a little
there is a cat standing in a toilet , and I ca n't get my eyes open , '' he said . He said he had to get out of his car and try to walk to the exit. ''
a woman is talking on the phone at a restaurant in the city , which is being used by police to investigate a domestic violence case . ( Photo : Tanya Thompson , AP ) SAN ANTONIO – The
a stark white small bathroom containing just a few chairs , which is also filled with clothes . The first thing I noticed was that this is the first time the bathroom was completely empty . I had no idea what was
a man is seen shaving his face in front of the building , in front of the police station , in front of the local school , in front of the local police station and in front of the local mayor of the city
the kitchen of a large restaurant showing a kitchen of a large restaurant showing a kitchen of a large restaurant showing a kitchen of a large restaurant showing a kitchen of a large restaurant showing a kitchen of a large restaurant showing a kitchen
a man with glasses and his eyes closed , his hands up to his chest . `` That 's fine , kid . It 's just… '' the man 's face turned cold , the other man 's eyes turning red . `` I
a long narrow kitchen with cups in the corner and a small fireplace , with a fireplace in the middle of the room and a sink on the top , with a large fireplace , and some kind of sink . The floor is
an old building with a steeple and a large oak tree . The building is a popular spot for young children . The building is surrounded by a large oak tree . The building is surrounded by a large oak tree
a colorful plane leaves a trail of smoke as it leaves the air . The plane flew over a forested area on Friday , and it was not immediately clear if the plane was carrying a crew member or a passenger
a mini car mouse is sitting on a shelf at the store . This is a great accessory but you have to turn on the lights as they 're too dim . It 's also great because it 's easy
a man and woman are riding down the road , and she 's just screaming , '' she said . `` She 's just got a very beautiful woman with her eyes open and her mouth open , and she 's just talking to everybody
soap and a water bottle are on a table near the front door . `` I saw it , I saw it , '' she said . `` The police officers were so good ! '' Sitting in the back , she
a bathroom has a wall of all mirror frames , and a small sink . The bathroom door with a plastic knob is located on the wall . The bathroom door is located on the wall of the bathroom . The bathroom
a counter with many items on it located in a room inside . The place with the other items is hidden . If you open the door , you will find the room with the item inside .
a kitchen table and chairs with greenery and flowers , and he was the sort of man who would tell you what to do . `` I did tell you to get out , '' he said , `` but it was
a man taking a picture of a narrow street . He then walked to the curb and called out , `` I ca n't do this ! '' He was wearing an open-topped brown jacket with a black
a man with graying hair looks down at a man and says `` Baba , Baba . '' `` You 're right , '' Baba says . `` Why ? '' `` Because you 're a man
a clock with roman numerals on the left face , and the same on the right face . In the middle of the clock , the number 20 is assigned to the left half of the clock face with a 1 .
there are several bikes parked outside of a large warehouse , but they do n't have a seat so I pulled up to the right and sat in front of the truck and drove around to the back and front of the building .
a dinner with a bunch of appliances on the table . `` I will have to pay for it , '' she said , `` but I will keep it . '' She 's been out of work for two years ,
a man with a bandana stirring a fire in his face . `` I was n't expecting that , '' said Mr. Smith . `` I thought , 'Wow , this is really important ! ' That 's why I went
a woman is adorned in head and body , and her hair is covered with a veil . ( 7 ) The meaning of the words `` she is clothed in a wreath '' in the Greek is `` a woman
a living room with some chairs sitting behind it . That 's when I found the place . After walking around the room for a bit it was clear that it was something special . `` Hey ,
a black and white photo of a long-haired man in a white top hat . The photo shows the man , who looks like he 's actually in a bad mood , with an old face . The man was wearing a
a bathroom with a sink a mirror and a toilet seat . You can use a shower , but no one in the building will get to use that one . You can get a shower from the outside , but it
a close up of a bike spoke with a couple of feet of open space on each side of the car . There were a number of people inside the car that were out of their wheelchairs and were unable to help the
a close up of an old church focused on the worship of the Virgin Mary . While it 's true that the Virgin Mary is n't the only thing she 's worshipped , she 's certainly the most beloved of the Church
a person in a kitchen with many people . `` They 're all trying to get that person out of here , '' he said . The incident occurred just before 9 p.m. Wednesday when an individual in
a woman stands by the water with a child in the back of her car , looking around the city . `` I 'm not going to take you home because you 're a criminal , '' she says . `` I 'm just going
a long bench on the side of the road . This is the only one in the country that has a bar allowed inside the club as in other parts of the country . The venue is located in Nairobi
a hotel bathroom has towels as well as a lighted candle . The man said the incident went on for about 20 minutes when he got into his car and was driving off . The man said he thought
this is an image of a row of rows , so it 's not the same as the one in the top right . For example , if you were to draw the following code , you could say , `` This
a bathroom is in the process of being renovated . The building is a major commercial hub for the Bay Area . Bay Area-based RealtyTrac LLC and developer Red Roof Realty Co. are both based
a small dog is sitting in the basket on the floor of a large , dark room with two small dogs . In the corner of the room is a small , small dog . A small dog has its paw down on the
a delta airliner is being towed on the runway , when they had been preparing to carry out the flight . A spokesman at the French aviation ministry said the flight would not be carried out as planned. ''
this black and white photo shows many motorcycles riding in the '90s . The image above is an example of some of the '90s style motorcycle photos . The image above is an example of some of the
a man and some people riding on a bus , and I could see the little girl being run over , and I just heard the person coming from the other side of the bus crash into her . `` As I
a white bathroom with two towels laid out on the floor . The two men sat around the table , looking a lot more like a couple of people than we can remember . `` We looked like two guys , '' he
a clean bathroom with a sink , mirror , and a shower . I 'd never been to a shower before and had to get on top of my body every time I needed it . I was a little bit surprised
a bicycle rests against a dresser in the corner of the store . Customers are told to leave . `` It 's like the best movie on the block , '' says one customer . The store has a long
a girl at a baseball game talking on her phone while she was sitting in the stands . She wore a black polka dot shirt with a white stripe above the sleeves . `` I was just kind of in shock
a clean bathroom with a sink and a toilet . In addition to giving birth to a baby , she has also given birth to a newborn . Babies tend to do better when they are younger .
a small kichen area with a sunlight stream . The distance from the river to the shore is about 3 kilometers ( 2 miles ) . The lake is located at the base of the hill and the water level is about
a beautiful woman sitting on top of a big rock . It was a beautiful woman , not a woman who would ever walk down a street . She was a beautiful woman , not a woman who would ever stand in
a white urinal mounted to the side of the house . In the front of this white urinal was a small box . In the lower section of the box was a small piece of paper with a picture of a white
a red motorcycle parked with others in a nearby parking lot . The man was arrested for assault , but was later released without charges . The man , who was not identified , told police he had been playing in a
a toilet in a bathroom underneath a window to let me sleep . I was sleeping on the floor when I fell off the seat . The bathroom door slid open , and I caught myself thinking about my dad 's past . I
the dishes are neatly arranged behind the glass or in the back of the fridge and serve as a warm , comforting drink . One of my favourite things to do with this is cook a big breakfast . The recipe for
a dog sits in the back of a truck and his dog is in the back seat . There 's no need to say anything , just listen to a woman talking about how she felt when a man took her dog in ,
a tall brick building with a bike parked in the driveway . She called 911 after seeing a car speeding by and that the driver was wearing a helmet , she said . `` He was very aggressive , '' said
a bike sitting at the end of a long hallway , and then he was about to take a shower . It 's the kind of thing your mom does , and it 's the kind of thing that 's going to
a fat orange cat sitting on a deck of a house , a cat that was only a foot tall but was well over 6 feet tall . The cat was a large and powerful cat that was very good with both a heavy
a motorcycle sits behind curtain barriers on a busy street . It 's the latest and greatest development in Los Angeles ' transportation history . It 's the latest generation of the city 's best-kept secrets . And it 's the most
a large passenger jet flying over a mountain in China . A video made by Chinese state media showed the jet land on the mountain , as it made its way over the water , in a scene that is not immediately
a walk in shower in a dilapidated apartment in Manhattan . There was a young man and a woman of about 16 , both wearing jeans and dark sunglasses . They were wearing their T-shirts and shorts , and they
an experimental airplane flying through a cloudy skies . The aircraft was an experimental aircraft with a pilot . It was flown by the same general who had flown the experimental aircraft as well as by the same general who had
a large passenger jet flying through a cloudy sky at a rate of about 400 mph , one of the biggest ever . It 's the largest ever recorded for a Boeing 737 , and it 's a massive leap for the
the people are sitting and eating cake . I am not a believer in any of these things , but I do believe in the idea that we should all be blessed by God . And the truth is that God is
the bathroom features upgraded and high cost finishes , while the water heater feature is a little too big for my tastes . Rated 5 out of 5 by Maven from Excellent water heater I use this as my regular water
a beautiful kitchen with white and green trim . The kitchen is also fully furnished with a full range of kitchen appliances and a full range of storage . The kitchen is also equipped with a full range of kitchen appliances including a dining
a little toy car has it 's lights and steering wheel so it 's really easy to drive . The only downside is the car is a bit smaller than what you would expect from a Tesla . The car is about
motorcyclists are riding with flags to protest the recent death of a cyclist and a cyclist is riding with a flag to protest the recent death of a cyclist and a cyclist is riding with a flag to protest the recent
a picture of a dog laying on the ground while it sleeps with a friend and she is scared of it . At the scene , she is told that she is going to kill the dog and that it is going to be
a lighted kitchen looks shiny clean and elegant . The place is quiet and clean . The main bar serves up a wide range of drinks and snacks . The food is delicious and the service is prompt . The food
a picture of a person standing by a sign that reads , `` I am an American citizen who has been born in New York City . I am a lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender , born in New York City
a gear is shown up close near other vehicles . It appears that most of the `` vehicle '' is a minivan , but there are some other cars in the background . The minivan is actually used by
a plane that is in the air with the North Korean flag . The US and China are also on the same plane . `` This is a signal that the United States and the Chinese are working together to resolve this
a man in a parking lot stand next to a sign that says `` Not Guilty '' on her door . The man who told police he shot her is now facing felony charges . It 's unclear how he got into
stop lights are lit up in a cloudy and windy state . These bright lights have been used in the past in medical work , as well as in medical practice . The LED lights use the same laser scanning technology
a cat watching water go down a sink and then he runs back to his house and the cat is just in the kitchen . He says he 's been a bit of a mess . He 's been having a tough
a lot of people that are looking at this are saying 'well , I do n't want to go on a show like this . ' So we 're going to have to figure out how to do that . '' That 's
the neon purple toilet with lid lifted is the official toilet . I asked the woman who oversees the toilet at the school if she thought her children were being punished for taking selfies and video games . `` No
a picture of a clean modern style bathroom . The two men are working on a project involving the use of a solar panel system for the project called `` Ritex , '' which involves using a solar panel to create
the front edge of a well used skateboard , as though he was riding on its ground . `` It 's like a roller coaster , '' the man said . `` It 's like the back of a pickup truck .
a man in a green tie with his hands raised at his feet . `` You are a good man , '' the man said . `` I am a good man . I am an advocate for your right to choose and
a photo of a toaster make toaster made from the same material . Each piece of this toaster is just like the one you saw when you saw it , but with a bit more detail and a bit more color
a urinal in a bathroom with water in it . The doctor told me that `` no serious injury was made to the patient 's vagina , anus or penis '' . But I asked if I could check the
a picture of some bicycles that are by far the most popular . They are very attractive and have very good braking characteristics . They are very easy to operate and they are very cheap . They are easy to operate , but they
a white bathroom sink with a crack and a door . I had to put my hand on the wall to keep myself from opening the door . `` I was so sorry for all that you had to go through .
a tiger cat sitting in a bathroom sink . She could hear the noise of a baby tiger lying on the floor , on the floor , and a baby tiger being squeezed by a baby tiger . It was the second
a parking lot outside of an extremely large and well established downtown location . It 's located in an all-natural , undeveloped area with just a few trees and lots of walkways . But the beauty and
a motorcycle driver sitting next to his motorcycle , and the rider of his motorcycle was arrested with a weapon , and the suspect was released without charges . The driver of the motorcycle was also charged with criminal possession of a weapon and
a picture of a toilet that is in a picture of this room . Now , a lot of people are asking why I am not using this bathroom . This is n't a bathroom for the faint of heart . This
a cat that is eating some food on her stomach , and she 's getting up in the morning to get some sleep . She was just trying to get up when they pulled her into the bathroom . She was crying and screaming
a man wearing a red jacket sitting at a table in a restaurant , waiting for a friend . `` I was scared . I did n't know what to do . I went to my mom 's house and she said
a clean bathroom with blue tiles on wall . It 's a bit more expensive than the store I just moved to , but this is definitely worth it . Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great little bathroom I
a kitchen with a stove top oven next to a glass of water to warm up . `` I knew the kitchen was going to be nice . In fact , it was probably that close to my house . I had
a man and a woman walking down a street in the city of San Francisco , California . The two women were walking as far as the beach on the island of Palau and were heading towards the beach when the
cars driving down a somewhat busy road with the rest of us . The next morning , I came to see the car 's owner , who said he 'd seen the car parked at the end of the street , but
dog snoozing by a bike on the busy street . It 's so much fun , you just want to enjoy it . The ride starts at the end of the street . The trail runs right through the middle
a neat kitchen against a wooden wall and a set of wooden benches . `` There is no reason why the man who made the wooden benches should be held accountable for making them , '' he said . The court said the
a bathroom with a marble counter under two floors . It was a common practice for people in the city to open the doors of their cars and drive away , then take up residence on the street in the waiting car .
a large white couch in a living room , with a small window on the bottom . It has a large , round , bright yellow window and an open door . On the left side of the couch , there is a large
the inside of a small building with a view of the world around it . The building was built in the 17th century and was divided into two parts in 1803 . The first part is a huge
cityscape of a train stopping traffic on the tracks and then walking past a car . `` We were driving past the train station , and when I saw that a car was moving toward me , I jumped out of
a small cat pushes up against a door , and then she tries to get away from it , only to find a young girl in the middle of the room holding a baby . The girl looks up , and sees that the
a dog is standing next to a toilet . The dog is in a room with a dog in it and a toilet is on the floor . The dog is lying on the floor in the toilet .
a clean counter top with flowers and a nice little white top with a nice little pink side . The bottom of the top is really pretty , and it 's a little bit loose . The whole thing is a little difficult to
a toilet set inside of a bath tub , so he had to use the toilet there every day . At the time , he was not aware of any special treatment for HIV , even though he was a good-looking guy
a white plane has a black front and a white back , but that 's what the plane has in it . The Boeing 787-9 comes with a white cockpit and a black back . The Boeing 787
a sink that has a mirror in the middle of it . That 's the sink I have in my apartment . I ca n't believe my eyes . I 'm not a bad person . I have a very clean house
black and white photograph of a farmer and his children . The picture was taken by photographer David Anderson of the U.S. Army 's 10th Infantry Regiment , with the caption `` Giant Bear '' in the background .
a person that is ironing some clothes , or putting some clothes on , and putting some clothes on , '' said Mr. O'Brien . As well as the three men who have been charged and the others who
a candid scene of a busy city street , she could have been just as easily seen as a drunk driving , and yet she did not . She is a strong woman . She wants to be . She is a
man laughing standing next to his motorcycle with a sign reading `` Romeo , Rome ! '' `` Oh my God , I think Rome is a good place , '' he said . He was right . Rome was
a womanish skiing down a snow slope . Then , she 's right up against a cliff and on top of a tree . She 's just a tiny bit taller , and she 's a little bit taller than me .
black and white cat eating from a bowl of white soup . The three were taken to an area off the coast of the town of Chiswick , near the island of Anglesey , but were later taken
a group of dogs huddled around a fire . `` I 'm glad to see them , though , '' said Mr. Haddad . `` I 'm hoping it 's the same as it was when I had to
a giraffe running across a grass covered slope . Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The giraffe ran across a grass covered slope The giraffe , named the `` Zebra '' , was spotted on Monday after
an old photo of a plane inside of the plane that exploded in the middle of the parking lot of a restaurant in Dallas . The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) sent a letter to the company that was carrying
this bathroom is all white and has a sign reading `` White Privilege : You Are Not Afraid of Being Black or Black or Black or Black '' on it ) . This is not an isolated incident . A few
a flashy motorcycle parked on the side of the road . `` I 'm so happy I 'm having this opportunity , '' the driver said . `` I 'm so happy it 's been the best year of my life . ''
the black sink contrasts with the coral counter at the top of the stairs . It is just a matter of time before a person is forced to climb the ladder . And so , many of the most common
a bathroom sink sitting under a large mirror . The woman , who wished to remain anonymous , said that she felt a sense of urgency about getting the case resolved , and it was one thing to have a woman 's
a large passenger jet sitting on top of the plane . The plane , a U.S. Air Force plane that had been operating in the Middle East for more than a decade , crashed into the Indian Ocean off the coast
a young child eating cake with pink and blue flowers at the playground . Roughly two hours after , the suspect was captured by police . The woman 's father , a teacher , told the Mirror :
a dog standing in the middle of a street surrounded by people with long black hair , a baggy blue jeans and a black hood . This is the home of the man who killed his mother and two sisters .
a man and woman 's bike parked in front of a restaurant in the same neighbourhood where the car was found . The officer , who was not identified , said he noticed the cyclist 's body `` slightly red ''
a kitchen counter covered in metal bowls and a large , white box . A small , rectangular table and kitchen table surrounded by a small , dark , black table in the dark . A small , white and
renovated kitchen with deep sink and fridge . We set up our own small wooden sink and fridge and went for a quick dinner and drinks . The next morning we went to work . I never knew that I
a black and yellow bike making a turn on the north side of the road . The crash occurred about 4:20 a.m. when a blue BMW R18 BMW G550 crashed into the median of a
a group of motorcyclists traveling together on the outskirts of Paris , France , on Monday . The group 's leader , a 33-year-old man , was injured in a car accident but the man remains
a bathroom with porcelain toilet and a sink . They also bought a house in New York City with a pool , a kitchen and a bathroom . This is the same place that the Clintons and their family and
a man smiles while he stands beside a man in a park . A man who is in the process of transitioning from a male to female . A man who is in the process of transitioning from a male
a black and white photo of a chef and his family , that looks like a black and white photo of a white and black chef . The first photo is a photo of the chef 's family , and then some
a woman at a baseball game talking on the phone on Friday . The woman , who is not named , told The Post she was in the stands , and her family ran to the stands where they found her .
a pink toilet and a pink bath tub . Sara 's boyfriend was in the bathroom when the two began arguing at the night . `` She was upset because he was late and they were getting drunk , '' said the
there is a plane flying beside a tall building and the men in black are trying to stop it . They were standing on the roof of the building and trying to get the plane out . There 's a plane flying beside the
a black cat sits in a car and stares at the door . It 's his mother 's birthday , so there 's nothing much to say about it . And the cat is a bit of a mystery , so I do n't
a vase filled with red flowers sitting on the floor . The owner of the home told The Daily Beast the property was vacant . The owner claimed the apartment was being used for marijuana plants and that the
a small white bathroom with a white bathtub . He had been sleeping in the bathroom for about a month when he was attacked , and she told police he was trying to `` flee '' her .
a light aircraft parked and covered on the ground , they were in a field of fire and were covered by a cloud of smoke , and they were covered by a thick layer of smoke . They were surrounded by fire and they
a little girl in a high chair eating a salad . `` I 'm not going to be around to see you , '' said the girl , before going on to say , `` I 'm going to tell you how much
a man sitting next to a motorcycle in the middle of an alley . `` It was a nightmare , '' he said . `` It was so scary . It was so scary . It was so terrifying . It was like
man flying a colorful dragon kite in an open-air contest to see who can fly first . The winner of the competition will receive a voucher for a trip to the next world and a chance at winning a trip to
boat planes docked at a sunny marina on the island of Lagoa . The group was sent home from an expedition to the South American country , where there is little official communication . The U
the flash of a camera glaring in a mirror . `` The man who was driving the car in her driveway was a nice guy . '' `` He 's very nice , '' the sheriff said . `` And the guy who was
a small kitchen with a red counter and a large freezer . This is a small , easy to make dish that you can serve on your dinner plate . It 's an easy to make dish that you can serve on
basket of old stuffed animals upside down and buried in the ground , one of the strangest things about the cemetery is the smell . `` I was just at the cemetery and smelled the garbage and the stuff that
a brown kitchen with white appliances and a large refrigerator . It was a very cold day and the weather was quite cold , so I ended up with a pretty clean kitchen . We all ate our meals out of the
long line of motorcycle riders passing cars parked in front of the building , many of whom were wearing yellow , according to the newspaper . `` It has always been one of the largest public safety incidents in the country , ''
this is an outdoor restroom that is handicap accessible , so they can use it for their own personal use. < |endoftext| > I do n't remember the last time I saw the film , but I was on the plane when I saw
smiling man wearing black shirt and pale blue jeans , his head was lowered . His gaze turned to his brother , who had been standing by him , waiting for an answer . `` How did you know that I
a black cat looking out the windshield of a car . `` He 's got a pretty big cock , '' he says , looking at himself in the mirror . `` You 're not looking at him , are you
a man sitting at a computer desk in his early 20s , had been told to `` do everything he can to get out of a life of crime . '' A criminal complaint filed by an Oregon man on Tuesday alleges
a busted up toilet sitting inside of a box ( Photo : Facebook ) '' I have to tell you that I am not a very nice person , I am not a good person . I am a very
a man in the bathroom shaving his face . The incident happened just before midnight on Friday in a neighborhood of North Baltimore , near South Baltimore . The victim , a 29-year-old man , was
a towel rack in a bathroom topped with a few laces , a pillowcase , a pillow case , and a towel rack in a bathroom topped with a few laces , a pillowcase , a pillowcase , and
a man standing outside of a brick oven in a Brooklyn home . He and his wife , who were with him when he died , were among the first to recognize the body . `` If my husband had died in
a bathroom vanity with two sinks and a kitchen sink . She also has a `` shopping list '' of clothes . Moody 's said that all of the children have been named by friends and family .
two wooden benches sitting on top of a long row of wooden benches . They all had the same face , the same skin , the same colour . They kept saying `` I am sorry , I am sorry
a cherry picker with its arm extended into a deep red crease in the middle of the street . The lights in the street dimmed as the headlights of cars came up and down . The street was closed off to
the view of a person riding a motorcycle , '' said the police report . The woman 's husband was also injured in the crash . `` He was in the rear passenger seat . He was getting very close to
a kitchen with a washing machine under the sink . I had been looking for a good kitchen , so I decided to give it a try and see what I could find . I 've never built a kitchen before and I was
a small kitchen with black and wooden cabinets and a single counter sitting on the floor . She had a large round kitchenette with white , red and blue cabinets , a large kitchenette with white , yellow and orange cabinets ,
a bathroom filled with a white toilet next to a pool in the middle of the bathroom , with a small towel on each side . `` And you have a bunch of little things that are just too big to be
a cat inside of a car during the Super Bowl . Photo : Associated Press A cat inside of a car during the Super Bowl . window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( {
three dogs are situated next to a door . A lot of them are chained up or under the floor , and they do n't move . It 's a very safe place ; they 're just sitting there . '' `` But
a man riding skis down the side of the road . `` It 's not a long walk back up the road and through the house to the hospital , '' said a woman who asked to remain anonymous . `` There
a child eats a cake in it 's own place . `` It 's pretty much the same story that you would have in the movie , where you kind of just give a kid a cake and then they go eat
an upshot view of a street camera shot on a sidewalk in San Diego , Calif. on Oct. 2 , 2007 . The city 's police department has the power to investigate crime and prosecute offenders .
two people riding a bicycle together down the street from the site . The video was taken by a bystander and uploaded to YouTube , where it has since been taken down . It is still being shared on social media
a bike parked next to a street in the city . The bike has three wheels and a front-end loader that has a rear-end loader . The bikes were bought for use on the street by a group
a close up of a person holding a knife . That 's what they do , and that 's what they want to do , '' he said , adding that there was no indication the shooting was a `` terrorist attack '' but that
many people on a snowy slope riding skis and bikes all day . They are more than a few of my favorite animals . I have to say , they are the most beautiful animals I have ever seen . My
a plane that is flying in the air , and you 're flying it with the engine shut down . `` You 're going to lose control of your car and you 're going to be in a wreck .
a cat that is sitting on some bookshelf . She can be found on the left side of the room , and she is wearing a large white leotard and blue woolen boots with small brown embroidery
a man sits in a car holding his cellphone while a woman walks by . In a tweet , the Facebook group urged people to avoid the area where the shooting occurred . `` Sorry for the inconvenience so many
a kitchen that is very nice and clean . I found that the food was a bit hard to take in because of the large amount of meat . But it was delicious . I did like the price of the food
a pink toilet and a pink bathtub , but he decided to go with a pink one . He wanted to be like the rest of us . But he was not a man of the things . He was a man of
a kitchen filled with appliances and a washer and dryer , he was also a good friend of many of the residents at the home . The family lives on the same farm , but the family 's belongings have
a crowded beach with giant kites flying overhead . A fireman is on standby . As the sun sets , the wind blows in on the sand and the surf is smooth again . The waves are still as flat
a close up image of a bike gearbox with a long chainring . On the left hand side of the frame is the wheel , and on the right hand side on the other hand the gearbox ( somewhat
a white tiled bathroom with walls dividing the two rooms . But the two women , who are both white , were asked to go to the bathroom at one of the bedrooms . The men were asked to
a person that is looking at a cake , or a person who is looking at a box , or someone that is looking at a box , or a person who is looking at a box , or a person who is looking
a living room filled with furniture and a single computer . I 'm not sure how much I 've done in my life , but I 'm happy it 's all here . I ca n't wait to get back to work
a couple of chefs preparing food in a small , hand-painted , hand-shaped cabinet . In the kitchen , I was able to see through the grubby , messy , hand-drawn menu , which is so incredibly
a white cat sitting on the floor next to my bed . The cat is sitting down on the other side of the bed . The cat is lying on the floor . I think . I say what I want to say .
a custom made motorcycle in a showroom in Brooklyn , New York . I remember walking in with my friend , and he asked me if I would like to go to a show . I said no . He said that I
a black and white photo of people standing next to a Confederate flag that was recently removed from a downtown museum . A group of supporters held their hands up to a Confederate flag on Saturday , and the flag was taken down by
a man standing on a type of boat in the middle of a sea of smoke and rain . He had a great sense of humour . I know he was the first person to know how to play guitar , but if you
a small tiled bathroom with several mirages and a large stone wall . The bathroom also had a large silver table and a large mirror . It was the most important room in the village . The village was divided
many cars parked on a city street with a sign saying `` No Cars in S.C. '' The sign in question says it is illegal to drive in any manner that may result in injury to any person .
a white kitchen filled with a refrigerator freezer , a freezer sink , and a freezer sink for a freezer . In the sink , a lighted candle will be lit and the light will be bright . Then it will be turned
the kitchen has been cleaned by the owner of the property , including water , electricity and gas . The owners say they 're outraged and are taking action to protect their property . `` It is an issue of
a person that is holding kite in the air to perform the kite dance ( which is performed by rubbing a stick over it to rub it off ) . The Kite Dance is performed by a person who has
old style motorcycle with many lights parked on the side . The front wheels are all aluminum and are easy to install . This bike is easy to maintain and will last you years . It is highly anticipated to hit the
some horses grazing in front of a church . In his post-apocalyptic fantasy , there is a big picture that will change the world . The government of the country will die and the country 's citizens will be
a small kitchen with a variety of appliances and dishes . Cafe Bistro , Cinco de Mayo It 's a small , traditional Cinco de Mayo restaurant in San Antonio that 's an
a black and white cat sitting on top of the back of his truck . `` I 'm ready to go , '' he said . `` I 've been waiting a long time . '' He said he had been working
a toaster was made into a metal box that held four small packages of food and water . The first two were the last , according to the police report . Investigators said the two other packages were found
a man standing next to a brick oven with some of the finest grist pie pieces in the world . In a move that has been seen as a major reversal of the years-long trend toward a white-
the white dog lays next to the bicycle , then the white dog and the black dog start to ride up the dirt road to the center of the house , where a house is located . The white dog stands in
a man wearing black is riding a red car . The car has a front bumper and a rear bumper are black . The driver of the car was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol and under the
a colorful bathroom with a pink toilet and a small kitchen with a bathroom sink . The door and the door handle are locked and locked . There is also a large kitchen that has a large kitchen sink and a large sink floor
a kitchen with pink counters and a sink , to the bedroom . I could n't help but wonder what she 'd been thinking . I had been thinking about her , too , since her sister 's birth . Maybe it would be
a person gazes at a glass of water ; and ( ii ) as soon as one of the bottles is filled , the other one is filled with water . ( 2 ) A person who has a
a cat eats out of their food bowl , but the cat 's not the only one who will eat . If your cat eats an egg , it means it has eaten the egg . If your cat eats a cat
black and white photo of the mean standing-in for the most recent round of polls . `` It 's very interesting that this polling is being done when there 's not a lot to find , '' said Richard Deitsch
the cat stands on top of the stack ) 6 . Remove the stack : 7 . Put the cat on top of the stack ( as shown ) , 8 . Put the stack down ( as shown
a bathroom with a tub on the side . `` I 'm a little worried that you wo n't get any of this , '' she said . `` I 'm really worried about you . '' Dawson said there
a kitchen with a jar of dog bones . `` In the middle of that , we see the dog eat the cat , '' recalled her mom . `` It 's so weird . We ca n't even tell the story to
this floor has a pattern of black and white , and the other floor has a pattern of black and white . The floor of the old school tower that was built in the 1950s is now in ruins and will
wooden cabinets and black appliances in a white dress and a black coat . We had a large party at the home of our friend and colleague , Mary , who owns the kitchen and also holds the office . We
pizza with black anchovies sitting on top. < |endoftext| > The city of Minneapolis has been criticized by residents who say the building 's owners are not allowed to have long-term leases on the property . The city 's
a white dog is sleeping on a street corner , and his girlfriend sees the dog . The dog is a white dog . He tries to get out of the car . He sees a guy lying on the ground .
a man standing on deck of a small boat , looking down at his family . `` I need money ! '' he shouted . `` I need money ! '' But for a moment , one of the men was in a rage
an old photo of a castle at the center of the world . The castle was built on the site of a medieval monastery and is also a memorial to the dead . The castle has been preserved since 18
a kitchen area with all white cabinets madly lit . A fire engine blew through the front window of the house and it started . This is not a house that you want to destroy , but a house
a bathroom with a pink tub and toilet paper . `` I thought I 'd be okay . I 'll be okay . '' And so he decided to take the plunge . He called his girlfriend and said he needed to go
a bathroom with a toilet and a blue towel , but the bathroom door only has a white curtain , so we had to use the white curtain to keep the bathroom doors from being broken . I was a little nervous
two men at a conference table with a large , bearded man in a white shirt and dark pants who was sitting in the doorway , a black man with a white shirt and dark pants , and two boys in a white top
a small white plane sitting on top of a small blue sky . When I looked at the sky I saw a large mountain range along the horizon . I watched as a white jet headed towards the east side of the mountain .
a young man checks on his cooking while he waits for someone to come back from a dinner party . He starts to enjoy himself . He tries to put on some of his weight , but it 's too much and he 's
street lights and stop lights are displayed on the side of the road to show drivers where the lights are to be . ( Photo : Mark Hoffman/The Republic ) A man who drove his car through a police stop
a bench is shown on a sidewalk by a man standing at the edge of a driveway for the first time in two years . ( Photo : Courtesy of the City of St. Louis ) The city has had enough
this bathroom has a round shape and a square one . ) 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . 6 . 7 . 8 .
a cat sitting on a car cleaning itself . Then he walks into the kitchen and says he 's got something to eat . `` Hey dude , I think I got ta get this up , '' says a voice from across the
a white bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub . The bathroom is made of a dark , white material that was designed to be light but soiled . The bathroom is covered in white towels that are wrapped around the ceiling
a couple of women standing in a kitchen with their babies on their backs . `` I was there last night and I was just really surprised . I 'm glad it 's over . '' The men were treated by
two people look at a computer screen together , and there 's this guy named `` Mike , '' who 's a computer geek , and he 's the one with the computer , so that 's what he 's up to . ''
four white urinals against a green wall . `` It 's been a long time since I 've seen a black man in my life , '' said Kiyotaro , whose father is African-American .
a street scene with a person on a stretcher , the police said . Police said the suspect was taken to an area hospital with minor injuries . The suspect is in custody . Anyone with information about the
blue couch being pulled by a small bicycle . The vehicle was traveling eastbound onto Highway 16 and was traveling southbound on E. 14th Street when it suddenly stopped at the intersection of E. 14th and
a long wooden table and chairs with a wall of plastic and metal on the bottom . The wall was covered with a cloth in a blue color . The chairs were covered with a thick cloth and there was a small , white
a woman standing with a bi-winged bat . `` It 's a great moment , as if a man could have said , 'You 're my friend , and you 're my enemy , ' '' he said .
some roll down doors at a building . `` I have to go through the motions to get my hands on it . '' `` What ? You 're going to go through all this ? '' `` I
a puppy rests on the street next to the train station , when the driver notices a dog and asks her to move it to its own , the dog 's owner replies , `` I 'm not interested , I 'm a dog
four officer are riding motorcycles with giant letters . The letters are , in fact , letters to the police officers in question . The letters are written in small , unprinted letters and have no significance . The police officers
this is a white bathroom that has a white bathroom , so it 's like a white bathroom . But I also think that I have to think of the future in terms of the human experience of the physical world .
young child enjoys a deathly meal for his entire life . ( Picture : PA ) His dad , Philip , says : 'We were just celebrating our son 's birthday and he was walking to the supermarket
cars are waiting for a train to pass near a railway . ( Photo : Getty Images ) The next morning , the city of Paris , where the Paris subway is located , has a new subway , to connect to
a bathroom is shown with a sink and a small toilet . A photo of a `` Honey Shack '' is shown on the wall of the bathroom . It appears to be a little bit bigger than the bathroom .
a jeep with a giant christmas tree , and it 's been a long time since I 've been able to see this one . It 's actually not in a place I can see , and the picture of it is
a large flock of birds fly through the sky . '' `` I 've seen it before . I can see it through . I can see it through . '' `` That 's the most amazing part of it . The
plane is getting build in a small dirty way . I 'm not going to go into what the difference between the two is , but I think the two will probably be close . `` I think this is
a cat sits on top of a stack of books . `` It 's a great example of the way the computer science is taught . '' It 's been a long , long time since I 've read anything online. ''
a church with lots of wooden pews where the congregation was . The church was still being converted but the congregation had been sent to the monastery . The church was demolished and the monks were sent to live in small houses .
a young woman with blue hair uses an old-fashioned , `` wearing '' mask to mask her face . She takes off her mask and walks off , leaving a red-faced man behind . The video is
a person that is dressed up very nicely . The dress is beautiful , and I am pretty sure this is the type of dress that someone will wear to a festival . I was also very impressed with the way the
a bucket that is on top of a roof or ladder and in the bottom of a bucket . That is where the water comes from and where the air comes from . The water is on top of the roof and
the shower room has a light green tint ) . Couple of things I wish I 'd done differently : I 'd have been more careful with the size of the bathroom . I 'd have been somewhat
a light blue kitchen a black stove and a white refrigerator . I then went to the kitchen to make some hot chocolate , and I asked my husband to send me some chocolate for my kids . He sent me a sample of
a wrench is in front of a toaster , a carpenter 's tool or a drill . ( 1 ) The following is an example of an example of a tool used in an example of a tool for the
a young child plunging a toilet with her teeth into her vagina . She was in no position to resist , but the baby 's mother was able to restrain and pull away from the baby . Advertisement The
a person that is posing by a plane and the pilot is not a criminal . '' Kathleen K. Stahl , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in San Diego , said the FBI
a black and white photo of a building in the middle of a river . This is an image from the same location , but from a different angle . The photo 's scale will probably be slightly higher than
the bathroom has a pink tub and pink curtains . '' ) But then she got in the car and , as she thought about it , remembered that she 'd seen the girl 's boyfriend , who was dressed as a man .
a steel toilet near a window in a warehouse of the World Trade Center in New York City , September 25 , 2012 . REUTERS/Mike Segar An elderly man holds a baby following a massive explosion at the World
a man sits at a laptop computer at a local office in the town of Taksim , in the north Caucasus . In late August , he left his family and started a new life , living in the countryside near his
a small bathroom with blue and orange tile in the back . The only thing I did was to take out some glass and pour the wine from the bottle . '' `` I 'll tell you what , you 're going to
a clean bed that is in a room full of people . I put my face into her hair and made her feel good because I did n't want her to feel too guilty . She was n't really worried about me . She
a jet plane flying through the sky under the radar when the plane was still downed by a Russian Sukhoi SU-27 fighter jet . The Air Force has been ordered to launch a new search-and
there are multiple pictures of the same man and his two girlfriends as well as a picture of their boyfriend and one of their children inside a car . The video was posted to Facebook by a woman who claimed to be
this modern kitchen is pictured at a side-by-side kitchen at the home of the late John Gervais . Photo : PA And with the end of the world looming , the idea of taking on the
there is a white toilet with red tassels on top . They 're not the only ones there . There are other other toilets that look a lot like this . There are a few others that look like this . I
this is a black and white picture of the house , not a picture of a woman , because it is a black and white picture of a man , I think , who is not a man but a woman . ''
a motorcycle with more than the usual number of miles of suspension . The two-speed manual is a common feature in most models from 2009 to 2013 , and the company says that it will be available in 2014 .
a toaster has the look of an old-fashioned breakfast . In the 1960s , I was a small-business owner in a small town in a rural region of South Africa . My neighbors were living in
this kitchen is small but has a nice little interior . We purchased this after our family of 4 had to move our family to a better location . They have a nice , small patio in the back and it 's the perfect
a bicycle is mounted on the back of the bicycle to enable the rider to cross a large bridge over the bridge . A bicycle is also mounted on the front of the bicycle to provide a safe route to other cyclists . The
a bathroom with a sink that is elevated above the water . `` I did n't see anything on the internet , '' she said . `` It was just an open door that opened and I was able to go inside and
four guys in the kitchen making breakfast at the same time , right ? The truth is that we did n't do it because we did n't know what was going on . But we did it because we knew we could
this toilet bowl is placed directly at the end of the toilet bowl . This is a toilet bowl , not a toilet . When you are done sitting on the toilet bowl , remove it from the bowl and place it
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom under a wall of a park . `` It was a huge shock to my family , '' she said . `` I really could n't believe it . We 've never seen anything like it
a man stirring a pot in a commercial oven . `` I am in awe of the power of the Internet , '' he said . `` In all my years on earth , I 've never heard of a company or organization
a japanese jet with workers walking in the street . A man is stabbed by a crowd of people outside of a hotel in the capital of Jeddah on Jan. 7 . A man is
the night is foggy and there are no lights . The sun is shining and we see the sky . People are laughing . There is a huge amount of shouting . We are all in awe , we are all in awe
cars line the edge of the streets by the water 's edge . `` The water is still in the ground , the air is still in the water , and the roads are still running , '' says Burch .
an industrial kitchen with white floor and cabinets . The kitchen is a great place to relax or spend a few days working on some projects . The building is located at the corner of East and South Streets . The main
this kitchen contains a stove with an exhaust pipe that comes to life by heating the food . A simple switch works the same way . The main feature of the stove is the removable lid , which is removable in most
many people and snowboards at the bottom of the ice . We 've also seen more people trying to get their feet wet . `` We 've been playing as much as possible and we 've had to get out of
a device fashioned to look like a yellow-and-white smartphone . The company is also showing off a set of new features , including a new wireless camera app , and a self-balancing camera that can take pictures
a motorcycle parade flying flags rolls down the street . And that 's before we go into the full story of the man , who was arrested in October of 2012 and charged with the murder of a child , and who
at this angle , the airplane seems to be at a standstill . The view is clear , and the camera is still in the clouds . The cockpit appears to be in good condition , with no problems . The
a photo taken inside a train car restroom in Tokyo on March 20 . REUTERS/Yonhap The group is planning to call for the resignation of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , while the government will not give a clear
this kitchen is mostly white and beige . It 's also hard to get a good picture of the outside . My favorite part is the light brown paint that goes on every time you touch it . The walls are covered with
a green public toilet facility on the street . We have been called the 'Green House ' by the media and are being described as ' a green , green , green ' place . ' She says : 'It was
a close-up photo of a propeller sticking out from the ship 's bow . The ship was shot down while on a mission to recover a crashed Russian Soyuz spacecraft from the moon . It was launched in
a sky view of a single engine plane in the Skylab project . The sky view was shot using a 3D camera used to determine the speed of the craft , and with a 3D lens to help create
man holds kite like object in his hand . T.O.L.M.H . ( T.O.L.M.H . ) / A. M. Leung / K. T
a black-and-white photo of the event , which can be viewed here . The event was hosted by the International Women 's Day Alliance ( IWDA ) , founded by the Center for Human Rights and Equal
a blue double decker bus pulling into the front lane . And then there were the cars , too . The bus was in a line of pickup trucks — which are often used for pickups . The driver
an airplane parked on a dirty field next to the runway . He said that the plane had been flying at 100 miles per hour ( 160 km/h ) , which is about one-eighth the speed of sound . The
an airplane flys above a very tall building in the capital , Damascus . The city 's skyline is seen from the top of the building . The World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 This building is
an action photo scene with the same person . In the case of the incident , the person holding the gun and the other two sitting in the back of the car were not at fault . `` I don
skiers and snowboarders on the other side of the ice , in the dark and cold of the summer . The snowboarders were the only ones left on the ice , and with them the snowboard
a man on a bike wearing glasses riding an ice-skating rink , said he 's been in the hospital since Saturday night and that he has no memory of what happened . `` I was in the hospital for
a man sleeping on the end of a bridge . The report also said a woman has been arrested for raping a man who was sleeping on the bridge . In December , the head of the police in the
a walk in shower with a seat next to him . He takes out his wallet and gives it to him . `` I 'm the king of the kingdom now , '' he says . `` You 're not , ''
long line of motorcycles near the edge of the mountain with a long line of motorcycles across the road A couple of people walking in front of a car on Ayrshire Road A man is pictured with his
a person on a motorcycle along a farmers ' road in Bali , Indonesia on May 2 . ( Reuters photo : Aung San Suunto ) In the case of a motorcycle crash , an accident that is
modern sinks in a green , modern looking area . It features modern-looking windows with a view of the ocean , and a long walk with a view of the shoreline and the bay . There are numerous shops and restaurants
a view of a counter top in a car driven by a woman . A man in his 30 's is seen walking down the street . A woman in her 30 's is seen walking down the street .
a red and black motorcycle sitting next to my car . `` But I 'd like to see my friends for the first time at the same time ! I 'm so proud of them , do n't forget that ! '' I
a mantle over a fire place and in the process can cause the fire to erupt more quickly . According to the researchers , a `` dense '' lava layer over a relatively small area can generate a temperature gradient that
a flat screen tv sitting on top of your couch , you can also use your iPhone 's built-in projector or a laptop to monitor your home . You can also use your smartphone 's remote control to control your phone ,
a white stove some brown cabinets and some brown cabinets with a bunch of gray cabinets . I also used green cabinets with white cabinets . Here 's a video of a green cabinet I made for my kitchen : There are
an elegant bathroom features a tub , sink and a bath , as well as a washroom and shower . The entire interior of the bathroom is made from recycled materials , and is fitted with showering and shower accessories .
a young girl inhales with the intent of becoming more powerful . She is also known to wield three powerful swords . As shown when she first appeared , she is the type of girl who shows great strength and will
two airplane shaped kites flying through a wide area are not dangerous to the health of passengers , so it is only a matter of time before these things become a real threat to the health of passengers . For example
a table topped with dessert next to a bed of cheese . The last time I 'd been there , the dining hall was the top of a four-story-tall tower in a desert in the middle of nowhere
a modern bathroom with all of the necessities . As a child I remember that I was taught that the only thing you had to do when you were in a bathroom was to place your hand on a toilet seat ,
a person that is on top of a staircase . Some of these are not obvious , but they are usually simple to understand . For example , if you 're climbing a staircase , you may want to know exactly where
a lot of people that are in the business of making money in this business are just not in it for the money . He added : `` If the market is not going to be supportive of you , then at
a lot of people that are in the business of making these things happen would say , 'Oh , the only way to do it is to make them happen . ' And I think that 's the only way to do it .
a person that is smiling with a computer screen . ( In `` The Face of the Devil '' ) The face of the demon ( in `` The Face of the Devil '' ) refers to the physical appearance of a person 's
a toilet that is in a very nice location and will stay there for a week . When you start to eat the food there is nothing but delicious food , but I would like to know how much money you would save if
a picture of a painting and a couch , and so on . What was that about ? The picture was a picture of a man and a couch , and the couch was a picture of a man and a couch
a kitchen scene complete with a refrigerator , a bathroom , a sink , and a bathroom sink . At the end of the day , she 's just a regular girl in a small town that 's a lot smaller than
a woman balances over the snow in skis at a snowshoe store in L.A. on Nov. 24 , 2015 . ( Justin Sullivan/Getty Images ) L.A. was one of the
a black-and-white photo of a man , who was shot in the head . Mr. Fournier said the person being treated at the hospital was a man , and that he would meet more information
a woman opening the bathroom door with the intent to forcibly remove her husband 's body . The victim 's husband was found dead in a bathtub in the living room of the house in the early morning hours of Saturday .
a kitchen with a metallic refrigerator freezer next to a single-serve freezer. < |endoftext| > What 's the best way to build up your Facebook group and social media presence ? It 's called `` social media marketing . '' But
three horses on a green pasture with an early spring sun . It was a long summer and the trees covered the ground , the water cold and muddy . The water was clear and the trees were soft and thick . Behind the
a person that is sitting on a bench . A person who is sitting and looking at a piece of paper that is covered in a large bag or other object and who has a small amount of paper , or a
a white toilet with a brown wooden seat . In one corner of the room was a single blackboard , where a few pages of old newspaper had been written . The room was a dark room , with a large screen with
a misty night with lights and some of the best music I 've ever seen . On the other hand , there was something really special about this album ... and I 'm not saying it 's easy to listen to on its
a lot of people that are in the same class , they are different . And I think you can see it with what you see with the media in the United States . When people say , `` Oh , you are a
a kitchen that is very clean in a very clean house . The bathrooms are clean . The kitchen is clean . It 's just amazing how far you can make your own . Rated 5 out of 5 by Al from
a tall building on the street corner filled with the remains of the old factory . The next morning , I walked up to the site of the building and sat down next to the old one . The building was still
a stainless steel table is in the middle of the living room . I do n't have to worry about the water or the heating . The kitchen has a large , round , stainless steel counter and a small , square
an old man is walking his bike past the house . `` I look over and he 's wearing a light-coloured shirt and boots and a black jacket , '' she says . `` He 's wearing a black scarf
a park bench siting next to a statue of a horse , in the old city of Nantucket on the way to the West Coast , the most beautiful place in the world . I am not a big fan of
a mulitcolored plane is flying in the sky . The following image shows the image of the black plane coming out of a sky-in-theater . The image is quite similar to the one
a man is riding a motorcycle at a high speed . We do n't know if this is normal or not , but there seems to be a lot of people who think it 's normal . It 's not just on the Internet
a bunch of garbage is on a car . I 'm not sure what to do , but I 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing . I 've seen many people ask me why they 've seen this and I
a white toilet sitting next to a tub of cold water . The man who owns the tub was also convicted of sexual abuse . The woman said that after the alleged rape , she went to the police for help .
a woman is standing next to a red light , and she was standing next to a blue light . She was looking at the blue light and the red light , and I said , `` You 're going to be able to
a garage is full of graffiti at the end of a busy intersection. < |endoftext| > The most important thing to do is not to talk about your personal history when you leave your job . You 're still a human being .
a kitchen filled with furniture and a stove , and it 's just like when you see a house in the desert with a water fountain or a stove . That 's how I learned to live with it . I 'm a bit
an old man is walking with his bike in the sun . He walks slowly , and then stops to look at the water from behind his helmet . It looks like it 's been a while . He thinks he 's going to
a train cabin that contains a couch , a bed and a table . It 's the kind of place everyone wants to go , because the way people talk and act is so normal , but as soon as they 're
a woman is showing a watermelon slice and is now in a coma . '' In a statement , the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development said : `` We are deeply concerned that the disappearance of a child from
a sidewalk lined with parked cars next to the entrance to the building . `` I just started crying , '' said the woman . `` I had my head in my hands and I was like , 'What am I doing
a black-and-white photo of the former House majority leader with the caption , `` He made his first visit to Washington , D.C. , in April . '' In the photograph , which was posted on Facebook
some cops on motorcycles in a city parade in the city of Manila . The protesters have set up tents in opposition to the new government 's proposed law banning gay marriage . The protesters say they expect the government
a group of people sitting around a table with their smartphones , with their phones up , on the screen . It 's something that has been growing in popularity in China , as the number of people who have used the
a picture of a stoplight from a local train station , at the intersection of East Street and South Avenue in New York City . The photos from the scene are now being shared on Facebook , with many suggesting the
a restroom has a toilet and a decorative lamp . In addition to toilet paper , the state is also using a portable , light-emitting diode . `` We 're not going to do it in
a picture of a lot of urin . You can check out these photos from my site and visit the link in the bottom right corner of the post for more information . I 'll be posting more about
a small and clean home kitchen with wooden tables and a large garden . The house is located on the edge of a large woodland and can be turned into a large , luxurious residential home . It 's a popular location
a group of people boarding in airplane on the way to the United States . One of the passengers was a young woman ( 16 ) , who had been born in America , but whose parents had moved abroad . She had arrived at
a cat standing in a sink next to a bathroom window . His face is painted with tears . `` It 's crazy , '' he said . `` It 's like if you 're an animal in the movie , you 're
a picture of a very nice and white home in a small town in Ohio . The house looks a bit like a small neighborhood apartment building , but the exterior is clean and shiny . The owner was very gracious with me and
a small glider flying through the sky , and it 's not clear whether the camera was still on . The G-3 is a small glider , designed for low altitude cruising . It 's the first known
a photo taken through a doorway of the apartment . `` I do n't want to be a burden to my family or my friends . I do n't want to be in a situation where I 'm not allowed to go
a man riding a motorcycle with a child at the scene , was fatally shot in a shootout with police Thursday afternoon . The shooting took place near the intersection of N. 8th Street and O'Fallon Road
a street scene with several cops on motorcycles who were seen escorting the victim from the house . A short time later , three other officers who were escorting the victim pulled up to the scene . Then , about
a close-up of a man on the ground , a man 's face covered by a sheet . It is clear that , in spite of the fact that `` the men in the army who are defending their country were defending
a toilet seat with a fake foam butt plug in the middle of it . The girl is dressed in a bathing suit and a bikini . The next day , at a party , a group of men from the house
two sinks are shown on a bathroom counter . A `` sink '' is a liquid or liquid substance that is mixed with a water or plastic , or a liquid or liquid substance that is mixed with a chemical ,
a bathroom with a sink and toilet next to it . `` For people who are not accustomed to being in the same room , '' she said , `` it is really important to remember that we are all connected to the
a man on a motorcycle on a crowded street in Sohail , Kerala . ( AP Photo ) The man said he was driving an electric car when he was hit by the driver . The man ,
a man wearing glasses in a car holding a gun , with his head and hands in his back , in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart in the city 's Downtown Eastside on March 31 . As the
a woman lifts pasta out of a pot with her hands . `` This is not your fault . There were no other girls there . He had to do it . You 'll never forgive me . '' The girl
broken glass is shown in the seat of the car , which looks suspiciously like a white van . `` It is very difficult for us to accept that the woman is a victim of sexual assault , '' said police spokesman
a large clock mounted to the face of the face of the person . This clock has the same name as the timer on the body of the clock , and is designed to be easily adjusted by a user . The face of
a computer with a keyboard is on a computer with a mouse . The keyboard has the ability to read , read , and write . The mouse is a keyboard with a keypad that has a set of three buttons that can
a tricycle is shown on the side of a large car that is a four-wheel drive . The car has a front and rear wheels and a rear windshield with the front window facing north . The car 's
a living room with a tv and couches and a few other things that are nice , but the only thing that I could really say is that this place is pretty much the best place I 've ever gone , and it
an old man standing on a boat in the middle of the sea , but he was never seen again . He was so old that he never saw his family again . The legend of the man is based on a
a gang of motorcycle police driving past a school , hitting the student 's car and hitting him with a car horn . The police were called to investigate . The student was taken to the hospital for treatment of serious injuries
a baby boy sitting on top of a table . `` You 're not going to be able to see the baby , '' he said . `` I 'm not gon na be able to do that . '' The baby boy
a white toilet in a bathroom with a white-gloved face . She had a white face , a white handkerchief in her hand and a white shirt with a white stripe down her back . Police said
a room is shown with a washer and dryer . The washer and dryer are both in the same location and are both located on the same floor . The washer and dryer are
a large kitchen with a center island surrounded by a large kitchen and a great courtyard . It is the first public space in the city where the city can share a water source with the surrounding city . The city has
a living room is shown with chairs and a closet . The bedroom is shown with a desk , a dresser , and a desk lamp . The bedroom is shown with an office computer . The
an open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk . `` You have a laptop with a keyboard , '' says the man . `` It is a smart laptop , a smart machine . We are all going to have this
a person on a motorcycle talking to a person who is not a motorcycle rider , '' said H.J . Schmitt , a spokesman for the state Department of Transportation . The law , which may be amended , provides
the top of a toilet is propped up against a wall . The bathroom is a great place to take the shower and wash . The bathroom is in the middle of a narrow hall . This room has a great shower .
a white cake topped with coconut on a bread roll . Serves 3 Coconut Cream Cheese Tart 2 cups sugar 1 cup butter 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 teaspoon
the dog is looking at the man holding the umbrella and I start to pull the dog closer . '' The dog was then seen running around the yard , with the man 's dog pawing at the ground .
a cluster of traffic driving towards a capital , London Reuters 2/50 29 September 2018 People are evacuated after flooding in Swar township , Myanmar Reuters 3/50 28 September 2018 President Hassan Rouhani speaks at the Iranian Parliament in
a kitchen with appliances is shown with a kitchen sink in the distance . A bedroom with four bedrooms could have been used for living in the same room , according to a report by the city of Atlanta . The Atlanta
a gray and white cat sitting in blue dress . He was the kind of guy that you could talk to a lot of people . He was a big , strong man . He was a big guy . He was a big
a car with some gas prices and motorcycle owners that will put their money where their mouth is . As we are getting nearer to the end of our tour of Canada , we are looking for a new friend who will put his
a large passenger jet sitting on an airport runway , in an image captured on a video by the Air Force One video game show . It appears to be the only American military jet in the world that could be carrying crew members
a person standing in a boat on the river side of a river in the Suez Canal in the Mediterranean Sea . Mr Sousa 's death came as a result of a long-running dispute , and came
a view of a sink with soap next to it . The last time I saw the sink was when I was 10 years old and I still remember it vividly . I looked at it and we both laughed about it
a man riding a skateboard on a bike road has been charged with vehicular homicide , after he tried to kill a woman on the streets of London on Saturday . The 22-year-old man was riding
a tv mounted on a wall next to the TV , and you have a camera pointing right into the TV . In the background of a game , you have the screen flash up to 100 % of the time ,
a room with all white furniture in front of the window . The only thing you can see is the window . The only thing you can see is the white wallpaper . A few hours later , the window
a street view of a city with several buildings that have all been rebuilt in the last decade . It is a complex of buildings that has been under restoration for more than 20 years . The first of these buildings was
a cat laying on top of a whiteboard . This is the new version of the Cascade . I 'll be updating the page as they 're updated . Thanks for your help ! Last
a bathroom with a shower covered in a towel . The towel was wet from the water . I kept the towel on my head , and I started to wash my face . I started to tell my friend how bad I was
a metal toilet with a black seat sitting on top of it . Her eyes looked like she was staring at a camera . Her face was so red that her pupils were all white and her face looked like she was staring at
a bathroom with a white sink and a white dresser , and was unable to use the bathroom . The woman was found unconscious on the floor of the bathroom and was taken to the hospital . Authorities believe
a kitchen filled with black counter tops and a large , wide-brimmed kitchenette with four large , white and two small , black slabs set in a large wooden box . The kitchenette was draped with a
a row of urinals mounted to a table in the basement of the office building . `` He was an amazing guy , I would do anything for him , and I know that he liked the idea of being with
a cat sitting on top of a pile of rocks . I 'm not sure how to explain it , but I 'm guessing it 's because of the way people see me . In the video , I am standing in front of
a small bathroom with a white toilet sitting on top and a large mirror hanging in the bathroom , which is a common sight in a city like Chicago . The bathroom is made up of a large , metal frame and
a glass building at night with cars parked outside . `` I feel like when we put it up in the middle of the night it would be like we were going to be attacked . We did n't know what to
an old man walking with a bicycle next to him on June 5 , 2017 . ( Photo : Courtesy of the City of Seattle ) A man walking with a bicycle next to him on June 5 , 2017 . (
a motorcycle on display near people standing around drinking while watching TV . The bike was part of a group that participated in a contest to win a free ride at a new amusement park in the nearby town of L.A .
a filed with brown horses standing next to the road . `` It 's like a nightmare . They 're like looking at a map , '' she said . While some of the horses were on the ground , a
a dog jumping through the air into a crowd of onlookers . In a video posted online by the group , the dog leaps onto a crowd of onlookers and heads off . Witnesses said the dog 's owner then
three dogs on leashes standing in the yard . No one ever saw them . A lot of the dogs that appeared were black , possibly from the Great Lakes . Some dogs were found to be in the
a man on a television in a vehicle . The suspect was stopped and detained by police on suspicion of causing serious bodily harm , while the woman was detained . The suspect was identified as a resident of a house in
a leather-clad person burning rubber on the street . On Tuesday , a man who was arrested at the spot was charged with second-degree arson , according to the prosecutor . He is being held without bail for
there are a lot of trees and plants here and there , but they 're not as large as the mountain . '' Sterling says that while `` the forest is beautiful , '' `` it 's also not something that will
the car is traveling down the road while a driver has stopped to take a picture . The incident happened in front of a home on the 1600 block of South West Court in San Diego . A man was
a white porcelain toilet with the words `` White House '' written at its bottom . Another sign reads `` Black Lives Matter . '' `` We will not tolerate these attacks . We will not be silent and
a bike parked next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next to a wall next
the rider , clothed in camoflage , with a short white dress . `` We have come to know that the world will be more hospitable to us because it is our home . `` < |endoftext| > In a new interview with
a kitchen filled with appliances and dishes on display . `` I love it because it makes me feel like I have an opportunity to be a part of something that I love , '' said Tasha , who has worked on projects such
a white sink with a black cabinet underneath . Dinner was already served and the restaurant was set up to be a place for people who are looking for something different . `` I 'm from the South Bay
four unseperated urinals in a closet in a basement in the basement of a house on the south side of Brooklyn . On Wednesday , the court was expected to order the couple to pay $ 5,000
a blue seat in the back of a large sedan with a black front and white rear seat . The car was parked in a parking lot in the parking lot near a parking lot in the parking lot in the vicinity
a small jar with a persons name on it . The next day , the people of the village of Chambam called them , who were in the city , and said that they had been ordered to stop their
an empty kitchen , including a refrigerator , and a coffee table . `` We had to clean the floor , move the coffee table , put the garbage bag and some other things up there , '' he said . `` When
a woman and a small single engine plane , so there is no reason why you need a spare car or a car with no cargo to get to the airport . The main reason is that you can do it on any day
graffiti is written on the walls of the building . The building is located on the south side of the street , and is on the left corner of the street . Mileage The park is open
several people near a lot holding a sign that read 'Black Lives Matter ' and 'Not in my name . ' This is the first time police have responded to a shooting in the city of Chicago in more than
a man sits at a desk before an iPhone 6s . But the iPhone 6s is one of the most powerful smartphones on the market today . It has the biggest processor ( 4,000 cores ) , the most
a bathroom with bright blue tiles , a door with blue accents , and a large window to the outside . It was a small , quiet place , and I was curious about the people inside . The first thing I saw was
a horse standing next to a tree on the right . `` The car was parked just inside the entrance of my house and the driver was driving to the other side of the road on my way home , '' he said
a fighter jet flying through a cloudy sky . It was a moment of great excitement , as the aircraft was suddenly shrouded in shadow . The fighter jet was a black-clad , white-clad fighter jet .
a baby in a wooden high chair eating a fruitless experiment . The experiment lasted for two hours and was repeated three times with different people . For the first time , people who did not eat fruit were
a world war ii-era bomber flying from the USA to France . The bomber 's engines , which were used in the development of the C-17 , were also reused in the C-130 Hercules and C
a dog in the bathroom reaching for the phone . He then began to cry as he heard his wife sobbing , and he began to hear screams and screams as she continued to run . `` She was screaming and
a wagon wheel , a tree and a large boulder . The road was about half a mile long and the people were fairly friendly people . They kept going , and eventually they stopped . I remember one of the people that I
a small building surrounded by a fence with a view of the city . The city of Vancouver has long been known as a `` city of diversity , '' which is a reference to the fact that its population is much greater
a white and tan dog greeting passengers in the terminal . No one has been arrested in connection with the incident . `` We are all very relieved and grateful to the police for their cooperation , '' said an airport spokesman .
an elderly man pushing a bicycle near a cemetery . At least two people were injured when the car and a pickup truck collided Saturday near the intersection of St. Paul and North Stapleton streets . The
people at a veggie and fruit market in London . I went into a car park and called the police , and asked them to check for a man trying to sneak around the supermarket . He turned up
an old photo of a small family kitchen . A couple of weeks ago , my husband and I went to our local grocery store for the first time . We ordered a few things for the day , including a couple
a woman standing beside a vintage red and white dress . `` I know you have a lot of money , '' she told me . `` I 'm sure many of us would love to be able to . But I ca n't find
several garage doors scribbled with graffiti , and a handful of `` F * * * KFC '' signs with `` F * * * KFC '' written across them . `` I 'm not saying F * * * KFC , I
a hotel bathroom with white towels , sink and shower . The hotel room was a large , wooden room , with a large black and white table , and white sheets of paper . `` It was a very
a brown couch some lights chairs a table a table in the living room a bed a chair in the bathroom a dining room a bed in the living room a bed in the living room a chair in the bathroom a bed in
a small yellow car going around a turn , it 's going around a corner and then it starts rolling down the dirt road and it 's just like that , it 's just a little bit of road and then it 's going
a boat with some people and a red-and-blue flag . People who had been out on the street or on a boat with a boat with some people . `` Some people were yelling , 'Get out
a woman a bathroom a mirror and a mirror and I said , 'Hey , we 're going to make you a cup of tea , ' '' she recalls . `` I tried to tell her , 'You 're not going to get
a kitchen with several stainless steel appliances and several wooden tables . The kitchen is also a modern guest house with a comfortable interior with lots of modern and modern amenities . The second floor is the living room . We have
a bathroom contains a toilet and roll of toilet paper . The study , which was funded by the National Science Foundation , found that women were more likely to use their bathroom more frequently and stay in it longer .
a service vehicle sits on a tarmac at a local hospital in the southern city of Hefei , in southern China 's Fujian province , on May 23 , 2014 . The Chinese government is seeking to build a new
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and various bowls . The kitchen was a small room with a large table and chairs . The kitchen had a large table from which to sit and a small table to sit on . Two people were sitting
a modern half flush toilet in a t-shirt and jeans . The one on the left is for my daughter and her partner . The other is for my daughter 's partner . I am happy with how the restroom
the bench at the tree offers a respite . A couple of feet away , a man appears with a big , muscular figure . An ex-cop jumps over him . He is wearing a cowboy hat and cowboy boots .
a bathroom with a white toilet in the lobby of a small hotel . The owner and her boyfriend were in the lobby when a fire broke out at the hotel . The hotel had been on lockdown as of
a man leans forward on skis while waiting for his wife , who is leaning forward on her bike . Drake does n't know what 's going on , but he gets the hang of it anyway .
a small bathroom with tiles appears clean and fresh . From the window , it looks like there is a large , old-fashioned fireplace . The ceiling is covered in a thick , brown-colored carpet that seems to be of
a man poses with a yellow bicycle and a green backpack . `` I want this to be a way of giving back , '' he said . `` This will help to make sure that everyone is able to take a ride . `` < |endoftext| >
a lady putting up a poster in her home telling me to come over . I took the picture and I was able to take the poster to my mom . It 's been a really long time since I 've posted a photo
a blurry and out of focus image of the sun in a black haze at night ( right ) . The fact that the image above is the same as the one above is in fact the same as the sun with the
a girl skiing along side of a road . She was about to jump out when she noticed a guy standing in front of her . `` He was laughing and talking to her and she started moving her body , '' she
a guy in blue camo in a black t-shirt and black jeans . He was dressed in a black T-shirt and brown pants . He was holding the gun . I saw him with the gun in his right
a person attempting to launch a kite as opposed to a kite flying . However , kites are much more dangerous when they are used to fly high . They are generally a slower and more dangerous aircraft than
a person with an orange blanket covering them . The woman who brought the blanket said she was taking her son to school . `` The police arrived and said , 'Do you have the child ? ' And I said ,
several people standing around and a black person in the middle of the street . All the people who were there were black people . I remember saying to them , `` This is what happened to the black people who were there
a person on a motorcycle dressed in an outfit that resembles a black sweatshirt , a white shirt , and a black pants . The motorcycle was registered to a private motorist , but the driver 's license was issued to the
a yellow toy car with lights on sitting in the back seat , a car that looked like it was a Ferrari . A man with a headscarf sits next to a man wearing a sweatshirt , who told
a group of motor cycle riders in a single day . There was no report of any injuries . However , in the afternoon , a motorcyclist was injured when a motorised bicycle on the bikepath to the
a man with sunglasses holding a banana in his hand , with a woman on the other . `` I think we 're all just really scared of people , '' he said . `` It 's the beginning of the end . ''
a computer mouse in the design of a car . The design of a car is a process of drawing the car in terms of its shape and the shapes of its body parts . A car will look different from what
people on motorcycles decorated in american flags and banners . `` The flag was hung on a tree , so it was very clear that our country is not going to be a land of the free and equal , '' Ms
older man standing in his kitchen reads book from his shelf , the book he picked up from the shelf , and the book he picked up from the shelves . In the book , the man has a picture of him
several single engine planes are making water crossings to get food and water to people in the vicinity of the accident , the military said . The aircraft was carrying a `` large number of personnel and equipment , '' the military
a corner view of a kitchen with white walls and white chairs , the front desk and other furniture , where they put together their menus , and then go to the bathroom , where they cook . The kitchen is the place where
a cat is sitting in a car near a supermarket in central London . It has n't been seen since last month . But the cat 's parents , who have been speaking to MailOnline , claim it is in good
a bathroom has a towel hanging on the wall . The bathroom is not a `` bathroom '' and is a `` bathroom '' for women . If you are a man , you 're not allowed to use ``
there is a nice tricycle motro of sorts ) , but this year 's theme was a lot more of a 'crossover ' between the two of us . I 'm not really sure if I 'm going to
there is a picture guide to making chocolate bars from all these ingredients . A good rule of thumb is `` make chocolate bars with 1,000 calories . This means they will only have 2,000 calories per serving . ''
a shop is decorated in rustic clutter . It 's a wonderful place for the outdoors , and I was impressed with the way in which the owners handled their employees . There are many different stores in the area , and there
a tile bathroom contains a tub and large sink , but it is also possible to make a bedroom with a few small sinks , and the bathroom itself . The bathroom and a sink are usually the same size , but
a street with pedestrians , bikes , and bikes . The city of Vancouver has been in discussions with the city of Portland to develop a bike-oriented , pedestrian-friendly transit system . That means the city 's
a cluttered room contains stools , toiletries , and a few other necessities . A couple of pints of coffee and a snack are also available , but there is also a few small snacks to keep you busy .
a large , clean kitchen has three barbecues , a small salad bar , and a large table . The rest of the dining room is clean and modern . The kitchen is filled with delicious meals and a large
the street lights are glowing in the foggy afternoon air . `` This is so much better . '' They say they are just trying to live together and are looking forward to the day when the street lights will be replaced
a cat is sitting on the hood of a bus , so the driver , looking a little nervous , pulls the seat back . `` No , no ! '' she says . Tiffany stands up and puts
a black cat looks out from the inside of the building . The building , which overlooks the busy intersection of Broadway and Fifth , was once home to the city 's oldest and most successful streetcar line , the Broadway
the floor of a residential bathroom is being renovated by the local council in a bid to create a space where people can go to sleep , relax and enjoy their lives . Cameron said : `` The whole idea that
a black poodle sits in the basket and is excitedly chatting with her mother . `` We 're all looking forward to seeing what she has to say , '' the girl says with a smile . The couple
plants grow near the window of a car in the car park near the University of Michigan . The trees that grow near the windows of cars are usually the same ones that grow in the cars . Many of the trees in
an image of a bike sitting next to a wall , and a picture of a cyclist sitting next to a wall . The photos were taken on a bike with a rear wheel and a front wheel in the same position .
a woman is standing in front of a crowd of people , wearing a hijab , and the white hijab appears to be a veil . `` This is not a terrorist act . It does n't come from Syria . It
an image of split screen images of chocolate-craned men and women seated in front of a display of gold . In an open letter to the French ambassador , the couple wrote of their fear of the ``
three horses are grazing in a field in the village of Caiha . Some of the cows that are grazing are also on the farm . `` If they are carrying livestock or are using their horses for
a group of people behind a white picket line , with some of them wearing masks , and a number of people throwing bottles . The group were not involved in any major violence in this time of year .
a desk is organized with figurines beside it . I can see the three faces of a boy sitting in a chair , waiting for the boy to come to his feet . I can also see the boy 's face . He
a bathroom with a tub and white toilet , and a bed in the second bedroom . He is also the first person to tell us they have a child in their care because that is their first time being in a private home
a cat climbs out of an open toilet and climbs down , trying to reach the other side of the bed , where she 's lying on the other side . She 's trying to get back out , but a male cat jumps
a bathroom is outfitted with brown and grey walls , a huge fridge and a small window that lets you walk in and out of . The bathroom has a large bed , a shower , and a showerhead with a toilet
an airplane taking off with one waiting to be picked up at JFK airport . This was after the plane had flown off the runway . ( Photo : Twitter ) He said , `` When people are talking about
a small kitchen contains a refrigerator and small freezer . Coffee table The coffee table has a large kitchen that is used for storing and serving coffee . You can place your coffee table on the coffee table
person sleeping on bench in sleeping bag near the end of the night . The next day , he was called to a medical clinic , where he was arrested and charged with obstructing a public way . The case has
a white cat sitting on the floor next to the house . `` This is my last night , '' she said gently . `` I 'm here to stay . '' `` How 's the day going ? '' Harry asked .
a bunch of bananas and leaves are pictured . Citrus fruit has been linked to the development of cancer and is thought to be important as a cancer treatment . The fruit was first identified in 2007 in
a bathroom has a black and white tile floor . It is made from plastic and can hold up to 20 . The bathroom has a black and white tile floor . It is made from plastic and can hold up to
a train is stopping cars from passing in front of them . The driver of the train is not wearing a seatbelt and is not wearing any seatbelt , police said . It is not clear why the
a dog herds two sheep across a lawn in the city of Grosvenor . The police believe the dogs may have been attacked by the dogs as they were chasing a man for money . A police
a man stands beside his motorcycle in front of a church in the city of Trier . `` We were just talking about how important it was for the church to have a church where all the people could participate , ''
a bike sitting in front of colorful signs and smiling as she walked across the street . `` Do you have a boyfriend ? '' she asked . `` Oh , no , '' said the girl . `` I do n't
an image of a kitchen setting with white walls . The new home , which was built in the 1960s by the former Italian architect , will feature four bedrooms and three bathrooms , with a kitchen with a countertop
a huge group of motor cycles sitting on the beach . I 'm not sure if you know this or not , but it 's true . The old saying goes , `` If you look at the sky , you can see the
a small bathroom contains a crude metal toilet . It is not clear if there is a water supply or if it has been sealed . The video below demonstrates the damage to the bathroom : The video shows a
a vintage style airplane is flying ahead of its time , with a few key differences . The first is the fact that the plane 's engine is not a single-cylinder , but rather is a rotary engine
a modern kitchen with white walls and wood finishes . Our kitchen is open-air with a big enough living room and a full kitchen . Our kitchen has a large dining room with two separate bedrooms . We have a large dining
a bicycle leaning against a white dresser , and a young woman in a white dresser , and a young man in a white dresser . In the film , the men are told that their `` duty is
an image of a plane in the air . The U.S. Air Force has been involved in the search since 2004 , when it became the first U.S. aircraft to be put on the ground .
the dishes are drying on the counter top in a dark room . ) Step 10 : Prepare your eggs . Use a large , heavy-duty baking pan and heat the eggs until golden and golden brown , about
a bunch of birds following an airplane around a group of people in a forest . At least 15 people were killed and 19 injured in a fire in the forest . The victims ranged from eight to 100 years old .
a man flies a kite with a big man in it . `` A man flies a kite to get a quick shot , '' says one of the writers . `` This man has got a big man in it
a motorcycle speeds through a winding pass of traffic , then , he said , `` the car 's going to stop . '' The driver of the Mercedes-Benz pulled over and asked the driver if he would leave .
a group of people waiting for the train to arrive . The train was delayed by a few minutes . A man wearing a mask and a hat was caught by the driver , who then asked whether he was
a dog jumping through the air above a building in the middle of the night . It 's not a new concept , but this one is different . It 's a very specific kind of dog jumping through the air .
a person riding a motorcycle in a cow-drawn carriage . ( 3 ) An offence against subsection ( 1 ) is a Class C offence if the person is a person , or is a person who has been convicted
a girl smiles while standing outside of a bar . This was the first time a girl who was n't a man had done that . This is the first time a girl who was a man had gone to a bar
colorful kites flying above a beach where many of the animals live . `` I just wanted to see if I could capture this species up close , '' said Richard Schafer , manager of the conservation center , and
the herd of sheep stand close to a dead body . This is the second time in the past 50 years that the state has gone after the animals . The state said in a statement that it is investigating the death
the inside of a coffee shop with a sign saying `` I will be back soon . '' ) The most surprising thing about this story , of course , is how little of it is true . The story tells us that ,
a white vehicle driving past an airport with a yellow sign on the side . Police say the suspect fled in a white SUV . `` We 've been looking for both white vehicles , '' said Sgt . Jim Johnson
a white kitty cat sitting on a couch , with her paws down her chest . She 's an adorable dog . My friend said to me that her cat was a little bit older than she is and that she
a red and black motorcycle with shiny chrome grips , and a chrome cross-country fork . I had no idea what was going on . I got in a cab with the driver and went to the back of the building .
an aircraft is overtaken by maintenance workers , which are called `` pilots '' or `` pilots-for-hire '' . The government is also proposing that the aviation industry 's role be reduced to an
a man riding a high performance racing bike on a road trip . `` This was the most important thing that ever happened to me , '' said the 35-year-old . The car was found on the
an image of a bathroom setting with white walls and a bathroom with black walls . The image may have been taken from a bathroom set at the location of the bathroom but the bathroom has been removed . The image may have been
a door opens to a bare , white room where a tiny girl is playing with her hair . She 's been playing here for the past few days with her father , and she 'd like to play for her father , but
a country white bathroom takes on an entirely different look . The new bathroom , which is part of a citywide plan called `` Bike Zero , '' is designed to `` bring the most welcoming and unique experiences to the
a varying palette of neutrals in a mix of dark blue , red , green , and navy . It 's an interesting approach to the palette . These neutrals are very versatile and can be used either as a
a group of motorcycles are parked outside of the U.S. Embassy in Hong Kong and the U.S. Embassy in Hong Kong and the U.S. Embassy in Hong Kong and the United States of America .
a small bathroom that appears to be handicapped so that you ca n't use the toilets for the rest of your stay . This is where you will find the toilets , the toilet sinks , and the showers . You will not
a van is traveling down the road with a gun to his head . `` I 'm not saying I know where he is , but he is in and out of the house , so I 'm not going to get
an empty kitchen with several bowls of fruit and a bowl of pasta . `` We 're going to make it , '' she said . `` We 'll give it to you . We 'll give it to you . ''
two sinks are on the vanity in the building , including the kitchen and bathroom , where you 'll find a sink and sink tray , a large freezer and a small freezer with a sink . The bathroom is off to the side
a door open to a bathroom with the door closed . `` And then the door opened… and I heard the door slam . And I was like , 'Holy shit ! ' '' The man who opened the door
a man is sitting on his dirt bike with his girlfriend who is sitting next to him . She is sitting on his dirt bike with his girlfriend who is sitting next to him . ( CBC ) The woman is standing
a woman unpacks a box in a kitchen , takes a seat on the sofa and stares in disbelief at a pile of boxes . `` But they 're all the same size—that 's why they 're all the same size
a lady is posing for the camera with her hair in a braid . `` I 'm not sure if a man is gon na buy a wig , but if he 's gon na buy a wig , it 's gon na cost
a person is traveling down the road on foot or bicycle , or an individual is traveling along the road by boat , if the person has not been convicted of a felony or has been convicted of a misdemeanor or is not guilty
an old fashion above ground tub is shown . This is a tub with a roof , which is just above ground . The tub is built of steel , and is in fact built in a way that makes it very easy to
a young girl is preparing to blow out a window while walking through the woods . The girl , who is also a young man , is carrying a gun , and as Kiko walks to the window to get her
a small kitchen features dark cabinets and counters . At the back of the house is a large glass closet with a set of stainless steel cabinets with a single-sided lid on top . The top shelf is a large
an airliner is preparing to take off at a speed of more than 120 miles per hour from the city of New York to the south , the Associated Press reports . The pilot , the pilot in the Airbus A320
a person is sleeping on a bench in a large enclosed space . This means that you ca n't move your feet if you 're not moving . If it 's been raining , they 'll see you , but if it 's snow
horses eating grass in a field with some grass-fed chickens . It 's not a big deal , because I 'm pretty sure most pigs will go on to eat it , but we do n't need to worry about that
an image of urinals with characters behind them . `` We 're not going to be able to make this work with your image , '' he said . `` You have no idea what you 're doing , and it 's
a kitchen with a sink cupboards and a small table , and they 're all made from reclaimed , hand-cut recycled materials . The kitchen itself is a combination of old-school , old-fashioned work , and the
a kitchen area with a microwave large windows , a small closet with a shower and a table for entertaining . The main part of the kitchen is located at the front of the house , which is open to the public
there is a bright window in the small window and you look out the window and you see this big house , '' he said . `` It 's not like our houses are going to be demolished . We 're going to have our
a kitchen with a stove and refrigerator . Downtown , on the northern edge of downtown , is a massive office building with offices for the state 's largest firms , such as IBM , Dell , Dell , HP ,
two people sit in the sand with their heads in the sand to watch the action . It 's the most important moment of the day and yet the only one that does n't seem to have anything to do with the
a man on a bicycle inside a building in the outskirts of Tel Aviv . Police said the incident took place just before 11 p.m. , when a man opened fire on them with a knife , wounding the two .
a bare kitchen is outfitted with light fixtures , and a shower with stainless steel shower heads . The house is also equipped with a two-car garage that houses a couple of electric cars , and a couple of gas-
an image of a kitchen setting with washing machines . ( Photo : James Ransom ) What 's the best way to make a living ? I 'm not a big fan of the term `` living wage ''
a woman and dog herding three sheep , in a local park . The suspect was taken into custody without incident , police said . Police told News 6 that the three sheep were captured by the woman and
a yellow dog smelling the toilet paper in the toilet bowl . One of the children was a black cat that had come out of the bathroom with the toilet paper in it . She was about to run after the cat and run
a man on a bike in a station in the city of Nwara in the western Nigerian city of Borno state . The man was taken into custody by police after being caught on camera in an alleyway
an old-fashioned picture filter features a small , flat , circular base with a diameter of .35 '' and a diameter of 2.5 '' . The filter was designed to allow for an even filtration of the water
a bath room with a sun decoration above . One of my favorite places to relax is the bar where I sit . It 's a bit small , but I love the view of the lake and the views of the
two bicycles parked in a bike rack near a building near a street in West Baltimore just before 9 p.m. , police said . The bike rack was broken into and at least 20 people were injured . On Wednesday
a man is flipping through a magazine in a hurry . His father is standing there , the gun pointed at his chest . The girl is sitting on the couch , looking at the magazine . `` You have some issues . Are
a bath room that looks to be part of a luxurious home . I have a pretty decent idea of how the family lives now . I 'm not sure what to say to this person . The first thing
a dog uses its mouth to grab toilet paper to keep his teeth clean . The dog is also capable of eating food that a human would n't normally eat . The dog is also capable of eating anything that humans would n't normally
a blurry photo of a boy riding his bike , while the others were all wearing red and blue T-shirts on the ground . The incident took place at the intersection of North and South Broad streets , according to
black and white photo of a kitchen counter and the words `` We Do n't Care '' written in large , long letters , on a small wall . `` This is the first time in my life that I 'm saying
a bathroom with a white porcelin on the first floor . The door was locked . The door was locked . The doors were locked . I could not remember what it was . I could n't tell . I was just
two people sit on the beach with surfboards while the rest of the family sits on the side of the boat . After the storm , the family was forced to move out of the house . The couple
a small aircraft is beginning to lift up . `` We 've got to do something to help them , '' said one of its pilots . `` We ca n't just have it go down . But we can help them and
a man bending over behind a saddled chair , the two men were standing in a corner with their arms tied around their necks . `` Oh , you 're so soft , are n't you ? '' The man
a bathroom with a large square mirror over her head , which was the only way she could see me . She looked at me , and she said , `` You know , I love you . It 's the best way I
a kitchen with a fridge and a big fridge . Then go and start a family . But before you do this , you should also do an experiment . You 'll see how it works . You 'll learn
there is a man sitting on a bed in front of the TV , and a woman is sitting on the kitchen counter , and I 'm looking at him , and I 'm like , 'Well , that 's it . You
a man sitting in the bed looking at a map . `` I think he 's got his mind on something . He 's got a bunch of little things he wants to try and improve on . '' But he does n't
there are four cows standing on the side of the road , '' he said . `` They 're running around , they 're running around , they 're running around , I could see them running around . '' Topics :
a picture of various stainless steal appliances that will be available to purchase. < |endoftext| > The FBI has been working to determine what sort of threat the gunman posed . But it 's not clear whether the FBI is doing enough to stop the
a bathroom with a tile floor , bathtub , and a bathtub . The room has a toilet and a shower with a shower and shower with an ice cream tub . The bathroom has a sliding door that locks in the
there is a pile of fruit and vegetables in the yard , and is now empty . '' Catherine and John were very angry . `` It 's going to be a really nasty day for him . It 's going to
assorted fruits and vegetables displayed in the food are listed in Table 3 . TABLE 3 . Food and nutrient content of a type of fruit and vegetable consumed in the United States ( mean % ) Total fruit and
people on a street with bikes , a lot of people with bikes and bikes , and I think that 's a little sad to see all of that . But I think it 's also interesting because you can walk around with the
man posing in front of bicycle with a helmet on . The incident is being investigated by police in Surrey . The Surrey Fire and Rescue Service said the man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital. < |endoftext| > The U
the toilet is bright white against the terrazzo roof and is covered in white paint . The bathroom is covered in a blue and white paint that contains a yellow stripe along the edge of the glass . The bathroom is covered
an airplane and suv sitting on runways. < |endoftext| > WASHINGTON — The FBI on Friday identified a top executive of the Islamic State group , which called itself the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , as the man who helped set
a bench beneath a tree outlooking a man , who 'd been drinking heavily . `` I did n't , '' he said . `` I did n't feel like drinking , '' said a more sober man , `` I
a picture and mirror hang above the seat , and it 's a nice little piece of work , too . A good place to look at the picture is the wall on the right side of the car . The image
a first person view of a person riding a bicycle . The first person view of a person riding a bicycle is only useful if the person is riding a bicycle only when the person is in an obvious position , while
an image of a public bathroom stall that was burned . They say they 'd rather not know what had happened . 'We do n't know what happened , ' Linskey said , 'but I do know what happened
a dog eating toilet paper from the toilet . The woman was arrested at a local police station on Tuesday and was arrested at Kishangan police station on Wednesday . The incident took place on the day of
the motorcycle rider is pulling on his gloves . `` You 're looking at the bike , '' he says . `` Who 's riding the bike ? '' asked the owner . `` It 's the person who 's riding the bike .
wide shot of a kitchen and a kitchen sink on the floor . The report said an employee who was working at the time of the shooting told police that he saw a man walking down a hallway . One of the
a person kneeling down next to a bike at the station , then a woman standing next to a man . I do n't think the woman would have had any interest in coming . It would have been a very different experience to
the young man is holding a clear frisson in his heart that he ca n't be alone and that he is being watched . It seems to be a very dangerous situation for the police . He looks in the mirror and realizes
the person is sleeping on a park bench . '' ) The paper also reported that the police had been told by the woman 's family that the woman had been detained for up to two hours . `` This is a
guys look through the cabinets and refrigerator . When they saw a plastic bag that was filled with water , they ran to the bathroom and saw a water bottle . `` I do n't even know what I
a toilet is used for outdoor decoration beside the street . `` Some of the old buildings have been demolished . The old buildings are back in use , but all this has been demolished . `` We are trying
photo of a two bathroom fixtures and a bathroom sink , and then the two people have to step out of the bathroom and go pee . They were not having a conversation . This is a very disturbing incident .
man in suit riding a bicycle in a bike shop in New York City in 2012 . Dennis W. Williams , who was killed by Los Angeles police officers in 2009 , says he was on his way home at
a man standing in the kitchen reading a book . `` I thought they were going to say 'Do n't get excited , ' '' he said . `` I was like , 'It 's not that bad . ' They said ,
ladies in a kitchen laughing at the idea of working with an artist of his caliber . `` He was so good at it , I do n't know what it 's like to work with an artist , '' he said
a close up of a motorcycle parked on a stretch of the road , which was being used by a group of young men . The man was arrested after police identified him as a man from a local community .
a cat that is on top of a tree . I was thinking about what I could do to help my cat . `` No , that 's not right , '' I said . `` I 'm going to ask her to stop .
a plan and a flock of birds flying in her direction . `` We are trying to get our kids to have the same experience as the adults . `` If we meet with the right people , we can
a couple of animals are in the grass . I can only imagine how much more powerful and powerful they are in the future . A lot of times we are very far away from the people that are doing the best
woman in red shirt standing in a kitchen doorway was clearly not in danger . She was not wearing a mask . `` She was a bit surprised , '' said the woman , a woman who asked to remain anonymous .
a shower curtain is covering the tub in the shower and the water is flowing down from the tub . A water pump inside the tub is also located in the tub . The shower curtain provides a comfortable place for water
a bike is propped up against a pole , and the bike is the one on the left . When the rider is in the bike , the rider with the bike is in the left side . The center of
a bathroom is shown with a shower and a shower sink . One of the most popular things for women to do in their own home is to walk through the house . A woman in a wheelchair is pictured
a small kitchen with dark counters and wood appliances . The kitchen has several small tables and chairs and an open dining area with a large kitchen sink . A large table is located at the back of the house .
a dog herds sheep in front of an oil-rich , climate-controlled oil field , on April 11 , 2001 . ( Photo : David Leibowitz/Reuters ) The Bush administration 's decision to use military
unoccupied bike resting on a barrier next to the station in the city center . The other side of the bike was a concrete staircase . The bike was on top of the one to the side of the street ,
a plane on the tarmac on a Tuesday morning . The Airbus A320 , which was also flown by Australian pilot John Goss , was shot down over the Mediterranean in the Mediterranean Sea about 3:20am
a small plane takes off from an airport in Chicago on Monday , April 23 , 2012 . The plane has been airlifted to a local hospital in Illinois . Michael Reynolds/The Washington Post The Boeing A320
a man rides a motorcycle on a track in St-Denis , France , on June 12 , 2013 . ( JEFFREY CHAMPIONNE ) SANDY KUCHNEY , co
a small airplane flies beneath stormy skies . The plane is used at the airport by security forces in southern Aleppo city . It was damaged in a shooting that killed four people and wounded several others . A
there is a plane turning in mid air , and I 'm flying on it , '' Ms. Fadwa said . That 's when the plane started to roll over . `` You can see the big ball
a person walking across the street with a knife in the back of his neck , or with a knife in his waistband , or if there are any other dangerous people or things , or something that is dangerous . He is
a black and white image of a city of two million people , with the caption `` You will not be able to see the city from a distance . We will see it from within . '' The image was made by artist Daniel
some sort of a blue sofa sits in the corner . I ask how long the door will last and he tells me he 'll be back by the time I leave . The first time I walk in the room ,
view through an archway of a kitchen . Then , at the base of the stairs , a small sign announcing the opening of a new building , where the new building will be located . It will be
the old man is looking through the book , he says , ' I 'm out of time . ' And we go back to the place where he found the other man 's , and he said , 'Let 's go back to
person standing near the water with a red-brownish glow . `` We were just like 'Oh , whoa , what 's that ? '' he says . `` I 'm actually a little annoyed that she 's not
we are looking at an old photo of a dead man in the street , and that is the same person who was standing in front of a bus stop . He was not the real person who was in the bus
a old photo in black and white of a man in the background . This is the old photo from the old album , and you can see the man 's face from the left . There are lots of new videos
a man helps a woman sit on a bench with her hands in the air and says , ' I do n't know where you are . I 'm sorry . ' At that moment , I was like , 'You are not going
a man is riding his bike down a street in the city of São Paulo where he was attacked by a man in a black t-shirt . The man is in serious condition but is conscious and is being
a large air plane on a snowy surface . The airship was built by the Swedish Aviation Council of New York in the early 1960s , having a capacity of 8,000 passengers and was also used by the
an evening shot outside some sort of arena . A man who said he had seen the shooting shot a video at the scene , saying he was not aware of it at the time but said that he saw someone come out of
a small bathroom with a shower , sink , and a bathroom sink . There 's a lot of stuff in there , but there 's also a lot that 's not in the book . Here 's a list of some
an airplane is taking off from the runway . The plane is expected to be repaired or replaced within a few weeks . `` It 's really a great example of how technology can change the way we approach aviation and how
a cat has learned to use a toilet . The cat is seen in the background and is seen to be running on its stomach . The cat is taken to hospital It is now suspected that a
a plane that is in the snow with a parachute . ( Photo : CMT ) The snow-climbing team of the US Air Force is now using a helicopter and a parachute to keep the air clear
a person that is walking on the street with a car . The judge said he had been in contact with a man who reported the incident to the police and that the man thought he was a friend of the man
a black and white photograph of men on the train , and then there 's the picture of a woman as the narrator of the film . I 'm not sure what the script was for that , but it 's a scene that
a small , yet clean looking bathroom , and the room smelled clean and clean . `` It 's not like I 've ever had a bathroom full of people in there , '' said one woman who has been there for over
a beige and white three piece bathroom window was in the middle of the street . `` I looked at my phone and said , 'What are you doing ? ' I did n't know what was going on .
the top of a brick clock tower surrounded by a series of trees , one of which is a long-stemmed , white , blue-and-green tree . Saw the clock tower on the left ,
historic buildings cover an area with architectural elements that represent how the city came about . `` We 're all interested in this , '' said Mayor John Tory , who is from the Greater Toronto Area . `` It 's a new
a black toilet in a tiled public space , and its walls were covered in graffiti . And the building 's former residence — which , according to a police report , was built in 1968 — was destroyed in a fire in
a lovely , vintage-styled bathroom and even an old-timey , industrial area . We were even able to go to the restaurant for dinner . One of the guys who was a bartender is still at the bar
a kid is to blow out the single , the single , the single-hit single . And that 's when the whole thing is going to get a little over-hype . '' `` I do n't know why
a white cat is standing on the top of a tree and is waving her tail . This was a pretty cute cat . It was just a good time to be in the city . I watched a young
some pots and pans that are in a freezer . The freezer does n't have to be on the stove . 3 . Take a deep breath . Go into the freezer and pick up all the vegetables , fruits , nuts
a young woman hangs up a poster in the hallway of the library she shared with her boyfriend after she was stabbed , with her brother being the only witness to the attack . The boy was stabbed in the stomach , leg ,
an ice cream sundae with whip cream , chocolate sprinkles , strawberry ice cream , and a banana . And if you are looking for a more traditional dessert , you will find this special-tasting seasonal dessert
a cat with its hind legs in a cage on the side of a hill , that has been covered with some sort of moss . From the ground are the leaves of a young , healthy , white-bellied plant called
a man carries a leash around his shoulders and walks in the open to greet his clients . `` I would like to get you some of my stuff , and to be honest I 'm not sure I even have enough
a small white room with an unmade floor . It was a cramped room . There was a bed where the only things in the room were the coffee , the dishes , the clothes they were wearing , and what was left
a man in a kitchen cutting lettuce with a knife . The man later was shot dead — a bystander was wounded , but not seriously — by the cops . The incident was caught on camera during the first half
snowboards and snowboarders standing in front of the stadium to express their support for the Bears . The Bears hope to have the entire stadium re-opened by the end of the summer and will have the
a view of a stoplight by a pedestrian on a sidewalk at St. John 's . The pedestrian was on the sidewalk and was crossing the street on an elevated or elevated walkway for a crosswalk , according to the
adults with childern walking in the same area and are most likely to have one or more children with autism . Children with pre-existing speech disorders may also have a higher risk of having autism .
a small plane taking off from an airbase in northern Afghanistan . The aircraft was carrying the military 's own drone strike squad and was in the process of conducting its own drone strike . The video , which has been viewed more
a cowboy leaning over to work on a new car , his face lit up in red and the headlights on . `` He 's a very nice guy , I think , '' he said , leaning over again and looking down
a bathroom with a sink a mirror and a small mirror cabinet . The bathroom is a large sink that you can use to shower when you are not at work . It 's a great place to take your shower .
a man sitting by the lake on a canoe , a girl standing on the side of the road . Then the woman , who was lying on the beach , said to the man , `` You know what , I
a couple of bikes that are on the road that are a bit bigger than the rest of the road , and so we used the bike rack at the end and then we could use the other two racks , '' she says .
the old fashioned propeller plane is flying . It 's the most expensive aircraft in the world and the biggest in the world . It took the company 40 years to develop and build the plane , which cost
a bed that is white and very clean . At first , I thought it was a fake bed , but then I realized that was just someone sleeping on a mattress , which I could n't see right away . I thought it
a litter box sits on the floor of a car parked in the driveway . It is a small cage filled with the remains of a human , which has been placed in the cage for a time . Police
a lot of urinels that are actually in my home , and there are definitely urinels that are not in any of my houses or homes , and there 's a lot of urinels that are not in
a motorcycle stopped on the road during nighttime . Police say the victim , who was being treated for gunshot wounds , was taken to St. Louis County Medical Center where he was pronounced dead . He was later released on
blurry picture of a boy riding a bike , then turning around to see a woman on the ground . The scene of this accident was captured by a student and published on Facebook , and was the subject of a
a person covered with an orange sleeping bag may bring in a small amount of food and water . If you believe your partner or friend is in need of an emergency , call 602-842-8111
a white sink sits on a beige floor with a wooden table and a large wall of wood . It was built in the late 1800s by a Frenchman named Philippe L'Orient who built a small house there .
a large round cake rests on a glass . It is a pretty simple cake , but it is slightly easier to make . You can pre-heat the oven to 375 degrees F or lower to make the frosting .
many bikes parked on a fence near the site of the attack . `` There were a few people running around , '' he said of the group of people who were killed . `` And at the end of the day ,
a door opens into a narrow room with a small staircase . It 's open to the general public . The man behind the door says that he 's going to show me the door . I 'm going to walk to the door
the large bathroom has two sinks and chewed toilet paper in a small bathroom in the main room . `` I am quite disappointed that it would be taken off the road after the fact and that we found out that
a man wearing gloves and an apron , surrounded by police officers . His wife , who was wearing a white T-shirt and shorts , was arrested along with two other people , including a woman who works at
a narrow bathroom is tidy and comes equipped with a small vanity . The bathroom consists of three separate rooms , one for women , one for men , one for two girls and one for two boys . The women are in the
a man sitting alone on a bench in his own apartment after a long day 's work , and then he saw his wife and her family , whose children were already asleep . `` I do n't know why they didn
a man wearing a white helmet is riding a bicycle on the street . The cyclist is caught in the crossfire as he was riding on the road . He was arrested at Croydon Crown Court ,
a cat is riding in a lift bucket for some reason . She 's already been a customer of the place for the last few days , and she 's been doing quite a bit of hard work to get there . I just
an airplane is flying low while four others are hovering in the sky . The plane is moving too fast , however . When the pilot turns around to look up , he sees a large , black-and-white image of
bathroom with a pedestal sink and a shower . If you can find it , we 'll send you some money to get you a place to sleep . This is the third floor , a single room with a
girl blowing out the candle on an ice rink . Hansen is not the only one who is being punished . Last year , New Jersey Devils defenseman Jamie McGinn was suspended by the NHL for a game
an old kitchen that has dim lighting and a sauna and a shower that smells like a blunder to help you stay hydrated and cool . 3 .
a neat and tidy country kitchen includes a very large , round , rectangular and spacious room that is both spacious and large . It is also filled with a great amount of storage space ! A very large , round ,
the soldier is talking to an attentive student . `` I 'm a soldier , '' I told him . `` I 've been in this job for a very long time . I 'm here to support a family . I 'm
a bathtub and shower with ceramic tiles to keep the water from getting out of the water ( or out of the shower ) . Also , you can use a sink . It 's a place where the water goes up through the
there are some warning signs on a public bus : You can hear the police and a police officer , in white , on the back of the bus . The bus is on an elevated route . They are
a smiling woman nonetheless cringes as a small child looks up from on top of her . Her face is so huge that it 's barely noticeable . She gives a slight nod toward the woman who is holding her . `` That
a white and light gray kitchen with stovetop grill on an off-season porch . We were at the grocery store and were told to get a gift bag and give it to Mrs. Figg . It was an adorable
a lone man sits on a bench overlooking the lake , his hair in a ponytail hanging from his shoulders . The man does n't speak . He 's only holding a phone . A phone that 's been ringing for
an airplane flies in a cloudy sky as two separate planes from the North Korean Air Force fly by . ( AP Photo/Kim Yong-ho ) By RON GRAY , Associated Press DALLAS
two adults and two children carrying umbrellas . The attack occurred just before 1 a.m. on the day of a candlelight vigil for the six women and three children who were killed when police opened fire
a smiling man sits at a table with a big pile of food and a lot of cigarettes . He is just a man who lives in his apartment . He lives with his mother , but he ca n't talk . He just
a small bathroom is tiled in various ways throughout the building . As the bathroom is not equipped with a shower , there is a large sink and a large sink counter that fills the space in two . As the bathroom is
an airplane has landed in a snowy region of the country and was found in the middle of a snowy valley . The man who found the airplane has been named as John Paul Koehler , who is from the
a person sitting on a bench near a railway line or on a boat , or sitting on a bench near a railway line or on a boat , or sitting on a bench near a railway line or on a boat , or
a collage shows a car , a car-like car with a front wheel , a car-like car with a rear wheel , a car with a hatchback , a car with a hatchback , a car with
an old couple is sitting down on a couch , staring at a TV screen . She 's holding a small book that she 's reading . A book is a book , and she 's going to teach it to the kids .
a motorcycle on the back of a truck . The man threw his body into the water . D.C. 's Department of Justice says the two men were found in the water on Sept. 12 .
a counter that has a rounded edge with a solid finish . It is a great buy for anyone who would like to see the new M & S-M8 in the store . Rated 5 out of 5 by
a person in a kitchen area preparing food . '' `` That 's what it 's about , '' he replied . `` I 've seen them take a knife and make it into a sandwich or something . '' `` But you
a traffic light attached to a pole with a pole-shaped window . `` I think it 's quite a big deal for it to be there and to see it go off , '' said R.T. Fols
a bathroom with a vanity cabinet on the third floor . Another place where the team was able to get some good shots was when they made the trip from Orlando to San Antonio . Here 's what they saw
a white and green bathroom with sink and bathroom sink , a bathroom sink with sink and bathroom sink , a bathroom sink with bathroom sink , a bathroom sink with bathroom sink , a bathroom sink with bathroom sink , a bathroom sink
a bench sits next to a tree near a bench where a woman sits on a chair . As the woman is seated , a man is sitting on a bench as well . After a moment , a second man is sitting on
the men on the bicycles are all wearing helmets ) . The bikes are very well known , and as a result the riders are given free parking in the city centre . The streets are not very large , and there are few cars
many bikes parked in a parking lot very often have a low rate of accident rate . The most common accident rate is in the area of cars that are not parked for several minutes . If you 're in a lot
bathroom with a black and white shower curtain , and an all-black curtain that runs all the way down to the back of the room . The two of them sat on a couch , listening to music in the living
a traffic signal next to two other traffic signals . One is eastbound traffic and the other is westbound traffic . The traffic signal between the two traffic signals will go around the corner , up and down
a motorcycle being transported by a car . In the event of an accident , the driver must be accompanied by his or her own passenger . The motorcyclist will be given the option of either using a taxi or
a toilet sits alone on a tile floor . It does not have a bathtub . It is a small , open , and enclosed structure . The structure has no door , but is rather covered in dirt and sand . A
a bathroom sink with a bottle of hand sanitizer in the sink . When I was about 10 years old I had to get the garbage out of my toilet because it was filthy . I went to the toilet . I
a close up of a public transit train line , a public transit system and a pedestrian bridge . In all , he says that he has built more than $ 1.2 billion worth of new roads , bridges and parks along
a delta aircraft is parked at a terminal on the runway of a US Air Force F-15 fighter jet in the town of Genoa , Italy . The F-15 is a replacement for Squadron Leader , which has lost
a bathroom with blue tiles and wooden vanity . `` It 's the most beautiful place I 've ever been in , '' she said . `` It 's quite a place to be with your family and friends . The people here
a cat laying on the floor of a room in the basement of the house with the window open . The woman in front of him , who is wearing a yellow sweater , has a cigarette in her hand . She
a bed in a room under a ceiling fan , but it 's never too late . You wo n't regret it . This article originally appeared on VICE Canada. < |endoftext| > The United States has been a leader in combating climate
a bathroom sink with toothbrush holder and a plastic bag on a table . This is why I love the idea of a place where you can go and pick your own food . You can choose from a menu of
a white bathroom sink under a mirror next to a white window . `` The guy was very kind . He said he had a black girlfriend . He said when he goes to work he works in a black bathroom , ''
two people sitting on a beach with surfboards . The men were not charged . Police said the incident was not reported to police until after the attack . The man was taken to a local hospital
a close up of a bike parked indoors , but it has been reported he has n't shown up for work . `` I do n't think this will affect him or the team and he 's very much focused on his
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a white wall . And a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a white wall . `` I 'm not saying that I agree with all of that '' with white
a large elephant walking next to a man 's head . The man was standing on a branch when a man pulled up behind him and shouted : `` Get out of here , I 'm going to kill you ! ''
a wooden bench sitting in a park surrounded by hundreds of tourists . The clubbers had gathered outside to watch the match . 'You look like you 're going to die on a football pitch , ' said one
a close up of a person standing holding a knife in his hand . The police officers , who had no previous criminal record , took it upon themselves to identify the attacker by the name of `` Murdoch . '' The woman
a little girl trying to plunge a toilet . We 're not talking about a woman who has never done it before . We 're talking about a girl who has never done it before . A woman who has never said no to
a man preparing food inside of a professional wrestling ring . On March 2 , 2015 , the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the Oklahoma City Thunder in an NBA Finals game to advance to the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament .
there are a group of traffic lights on the left side of the road that are lit only on the left side of the road . The first light is the one on the right side of the road just off the left corner
a happy man roller skiing in the mist , and a bit of a `` mama 's girl '' roller skier at the same time . `` You 're just a little bit different than me , '' she says . `` But
a bathroom sink with a large mirror above the sink , and a tiny sink in the middle of the room . I was excited to see that , although the bathroom sink is smaller than the one I used , it
a kitchen counter with a rounded edge and a small window that provides a quick peek inside the restaurant . `` We do not have a restaurant with a kitchen counter . It 's not our place , '' said Kevin , a
a small bathroom contains a toilet and a dishwasher . A photo of a water cooler has been found in a shed . Residents in the area reported having heard loud and frequent noises . A post
a toilet made of metal sits next to the toilet . The new plan is to replace the `` babble toilet '' with a `` babble floor '' ( the plastic `` flap '' in the upper
a shelf with many items on it next to it . It was a very unique item , especially because of the number of different items in there . I also noticed that the picture on the back of the shelf was also a
a claw foot tub is in a large , flat pool . The first thing you notice when you put it in is that it is not covered in mud . The bottom of the tub is not covered with mud . The bottom
a little girl is getting ready to blow it up with her awesome body . Let 's face it , she 's pretty much the only girl in the world who could make you cum your way . So you 're going to have
two people sitting on the beach looking out over the bay . `` I 've been watching it . '' `` It 's a beautiful view out there . '' `` Yeah , it 's beautiful . '' ``
there are two urinals next to each other and I just do n't know which one to use . '' He added : `` If it is my home , I will call the police , because I 'm not going to be able
a man standing on a hillside next to a tree . He 's in his late 40s . He 's wearing a white shirt and a black slacks , and his blue jeans are barely off his ankles . He has
an image of an elephant with decorated tusks is depicted on a wall of a museum in the southern suburbs of London . Photograph : John Seddon/Reuters At least one of the elephants was found on
a frumpled white bed is situated on the first floor of the house , with a large , round bed on the third floor . The bedroom is on the second floor . The living room is situated on the third floor
a close up of a bicycle with its body wrapped around its stomach . She turns to the other side of the bike , her hand still wrapped around her waist . `` Are you ok ? '' she asks . `` I
a kitchen table with many pots of food . `` I 'm just so excited for this new idea , '' he said . `` It 's going to be amazing . '' The kitchen was built with about 100 people in
a person riding a long skateboard on a sidewalk or street , or in a public place , is guilty of an offense described in subsection ( b ) , ( c ) or ( d ) . ( c ) Whoever violates
a subway car with an open door parked on the curb . The driver , the unidentified man , was identified as 27-year-old Ali Abad , who police believe was the driver of the car . According
photo of a three piece bathroom with blue curtains and red curtains . The picture of the bedroom is shown above ( click on the picture to enlarge ) The bedroom is pictured above with a shower , a closet and a
a bike leaning on a railing in the corner of the parking lot , to the left of the highway . The traffic lights are on . A man wearing a black T-shirt , shorts , and a T-shirt ,
a close up of a basket or bucket in the air and then use it as a `` basket bucket '' or a `` basket bucket '' for the rest of the season . A player who is not a
a large flock of birds in a vulture-like form and their eyes were opened with a sharp knife . That 's an amazing sight . The bird did not give a sound . It was not a
a bathroom with crooked tile on the wall . To the left of him were the windows of a nearby office . `` What 's wrong ? '' she asked . `` I 'm just like you , '' he said .
a rustic kitchen with lots of stools , a good coffee table , and a nice table . Penny 's is a family owned and run business . We 've been making coffee since 1982 ! We always have
a large air plane on an air port in the north-east of the country , which was shot down by an Israeli missile , killing at least 25 people and wounding dozens more . The BBC 's Peter Bevin
a room with a bed a ceiling fan , on a bed in a room with a window and a TV . On Wednesday , a group of volunteers from the National Park Service , who wanted to stay anonymous , posted
the men 's restroom has white tiles on the wall and only male children can use the restroom . The men 's bathroom is located at the back of the building and is open to the public . The bathrooms have been
some yellow street lights on some poles in the middle of a city , which I could see from the street and the other side of the road . If you 're going to do anything in the future that 's just
bouquets of flower sit on a corner of the restaurant , with its small kitchen and small tables . The restaurant has a large selection of French dishes , including a large selection of French dishes , including a
a view from an airplane flying over a river on the Gulf of Mexico , on September 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Erik De Castro The United States is already taking steps to prevent the spread of Zika virus ,
we see a blurry picture of a person in the middle of the street , the body of a couple in the street , and the body of a man , and I see them in the street . I see the picture of
a man looks over a parked motorcycle that was parked in the driveway of a home in the 200 block of West Broad Street on Nov. 15 , 2011 . ( Photo : Robyn Beck , The Detroit News )
a man on a motorcycle with a woman and a man on a pickup truck . They had parked on a dirt road about a mile from the scene of the shooting . According to the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Office
the toilet seat is up on a toilet seat , there is a small hole for the toilet seat . The toilet seat is now in a corner of the building , it is now safe . It will not be the
a laptop computer sitting on a desk next to you . The sound is loud enough to drown out the sound of the car and the car 's engine . You look over at the big screen and you see that the
two people setting up a market stand with signs saying `` Trump 's going to deport them all '' after Trump said he would deport all of the 11 million illegal immigrants living in the United States . But the administration also
a man walks across a bridge with his daughter in the same boat as an injured woman in the middle of a storm in Saint-Tropez on May 15 , 2014 . ( AP Photo/Philippe Coutinho )
the bathroom has red and white tile and white wallpaper . I got pretty excited when I saw the bathroom with my father . My parents went out to the bathroom and I told them about the bathroom . They were very excited .
we are looking at the front of a small window and we are looking at the front window and we are thinking , `` It 's a window , '' so we are looking at it . We are looking at the front of the
a decorated elephant plods along a vale of water in the city of Wadi Hajar , an area near the Pakistani border , on July 19 , 2014 . On July 19 , four days after the attack
a flock of birds is seen flying around them , with no lights shown . But the video shows a flock of birds that looks like they are flying towards the camera , in a way that suggests they are not .
a plane sits in a snowy field , the pilot is trying to figure out what is going on . He was told by a colleague that an aircraft was going to hit the ground , and that there was some sort of a
a sink with cracked porcelain highlights the beauty of the sea . The deep , deep water is very close to the ocean but it is usually not as warm as the warm water of the water in the ocean . It
a flock of birds flies in formation to feed on the sun and , when it is ready , it flies away . The birds fly back to the flock and its offspring fly back to the flock . The Sun 's
a toilet bowl with buttons on the toilet paper . Then he began the operation . A week or two later , he was back on the job . In the first place , he did n't have to do anything that
# 213 leans into a very tight turn that sends the ball to the right , but does not touch the ball at all and is intercepted by the ball carrier . This play is an excellent example of how to make a good
a kitchen with a chandelier and a refrigerator . The family has been in the kitchen for nearly a few hours . It 's been about 2 a.m. and the kitchen is still in good condition .
a white toilet bowl with a purple rug . He had a big bowl of rice and a white towel . He had a large bowl of chicken breast with a white face . He had a small bowl of chicken leg with a
here is a nice and homey little game , but that 's because it requires a lot of mental energy to run . The other important thing to note is that this game requires players to be able to read the
a toilet with a picture frame with captions . `` I 'm still in shock , but I do n't feel like the problem is that I 'm doing this . I know I did n't do that , and I 'm not
a bathroom with sink that has it 's own shower . You can also use it as a dressing room or any bathroom you want . The shower is also available in a variety of different sizes . The shower is located
a large bunch of bananas hanging from a tree in a clearing near the village of Vassal . The police , however , said they were not going to let them escape into the woods . `` There
a bare bathroom has a window over the sink . We see a big box on the ground . The door is open . Inside we find a pair of shoes which are the same size as the ones that we used
a man assists a girl on a bike ride on the way to school in the town of Gurgaon , India . The girl was riding her bike in the town of Gurgaon , India , on Saturday . The
a turtle and pooh doll on a rock Pokey 's Little Sassy Little Man Pokey 's Little Sassy Little Man Pokey 's Little Sassy Little Man
a chef is in a restaurant making sushi and making sushi rolls in his own kitchen . And now , a new restaurant in a San Antonio suburb is trying to turn that idea into a reality . The Mission
a small gray kitten sitting in a blue-and-white pool in a small red house in a green-and-white apartment in a small red and white apartment in a small red and white apartment in a small red
a black and white picture of people on the ground in an airport in a Syrian town . The photo was posted on Facebook by the pro-Assad group Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) , based in Latakia ,
an airplane is on a tarmac surrounded by trees . When it makes contact with the ground , it is likely to land on top of the tree , on top of which a large number of other trees are falling away .
man on street motorcycle point at in direction of city police ( Photo : Courtesy of City of Detroit ) A Detroit police officer was killed and four others were injured when a car driven by a man in northwest Detroit collided
a group of people boarding a passenger jet to Amsterdam . That man was a 19-year-old Syrian , and he was on his way to a meeting with the Dutch Prime Minister . He was on the way
a kitchen has dark counters and wood cabinets , many of which feature the classic `` Mulaney '' style furniture . The kitchen has a large , open , and light-filled dining area . The kitchen has large , dark
a woman with blue hair and a giant hand , who looked like the owner 's wife , said she was on vacation in Hawaii and had just returned . She said she took her first breath and then said , `` I 'm
a bathroom has a sun decal on it ; it 's a little bit different for a bath than a bedroom . This was a great way to get the hang of living out in the sun . Photo credit :
a white bathroom with a number of stalls and stalls for women in need of a shower . `` I do n't know if it 's the right decision or not , '' said Ms. D'Agostino , 22
amusing photo toppers of men in dresses and ties and also toppers of women in gowns and skirts . The most popular of these photoppers is the famous Fanny Pack . This photo is
a kitchen filled with plants and lots of insects . My husband and I are still working on the project . In the past few months , I have been working on a new project . This is a very long project
a white cat sits on the floor beside him . `` It 's not like you 're going to kill me , '' she says as she slowly pulls him into her arms . `` I 'm just here to do his chores
a motorcycle parked on the side of a highway in San Diego ; ( b ) The vehicle is not in a hazard area or under a hazard area when it is parked in the hazard area or under a hazard area
a group of people dressed in some nice clothing and some people dressed in some sort of white shirt , who were dressed in the uniform of a Nazi party . There was no explanation for this , and none of the participants who
a large stone building with birds flying around . They are called `` The Sky Spiders . '' The sky spiders are part of the Cascadia Region 's `` Cascadia Sky Spiders . '' The
a cat sitting on top of a car , with the rear end of a car in front . The video shows the cat , which looks like a cat , walking around the car , on the side , and then
a motorcyclist in leather wearing hotpants , a pink t-shirt and sunglasses . He was arrested on suspicion of reckless driving and ordered to pay $ 100 back to the county for $ 1,500 .
a woman riding a bike next to a car . She told police she had tried to stop her bike from moving at the top of the road , but was stopped by a police officer . She was charged with tresp
a large brick building with a small clock tower . A large group of people were inside the building . The group of people was the members of the group that was sitting in the back . `` Do you
some motorcyclists getting off their street in the middle of the night . `` It 's a great way to get a feel for the city and get a sense of what the city is like . '' The
a bicycle parking lot full of bikes with one or more bicycles in it . It is not allowed to use any bicycle . The bike parking lot is off-limits to children under 16 , but can be accessed by
picture of a traffic light with a green dot . A white triangle with red dots . A yellow triangle with red dots . A blue triangle with red dots . A blue circle with red
the kitchen and dining area of a clean , clean , modern house , '' she says . `` I just wanted to make sure that I felt comfortable and safe . '' But it did n't work . At first ,
woman eyeing delicious looking hot fudge sundae… Anal Sex : Anal Sex ( Bentangle ) Anal Sex ( Bentangle ) Blowjob ( Fap ) Fuck My
a stuffed turtle , winnie the pooch , the little baby frog , jalapeno , and the little baby turtle ( or the little baby , depending on which one you think is the right name ) .
a person wearing a helmet and some sort of helmet with a head covering . `` They got a little wind on them , they had to get a helmet off and then they got a little wind on them , they
a woman cooking with a large white botany dish . I was looking for something that could be used in a cooking pot or in a dish to make a salad . I found the perfect recipe using a simple recipe that I
the sun surrounded by an airplane and traffic on a sidewalk . `` I ca n't believe it would be my responsibility to go from that , '' she said . `` I do n't feel safe . It 's so hard to
very many bicycles are parked in a bicycle parking lot on the street , and I can tell you the most common one is the `` motorcycle . '' I would say the bike is the most common , but I 'll give
two bikers , one in front of his car and the other behind . The other bikers , he said , tried getting him to do one of the stunts . `` I asked them what they were
a close up of a delta airplane at the end of the runway . An Airbus A340-600E-2 ( right ) is seen at the end of the runway at the O'Connor Airport in Boston
a man standing in a kitchen with a child under the table . The child was taken to hospital by paramedics , who found a broken arm and a fractured nose . Officers said the woman 's injuries were not
a large commercial plane with a flower on top and a large man in a white suit and tie . He was wearing a white dress shirt and a white suit with a red lining . The man in the white suit
a kitchen with old wooden cabinets and a kitchen with a wooden floor . The kitchen was a bit smaller then the one in the museum . It was a small room with a wooden floor . It was actually a small
the small bathroom has a toilet and a sink on the top of it . It is one of the few places in the city where you can sleep in peace . '' Advertisement Continue reading the main story The first
a small bathroom with a toilet , sink , and a couple of other things . The woman told me she was `` surprised '' when I asked her what she thought of the bathroom . She told me that
people and children walking in the rain carrying bags of food , as well as an electric-powered car , which was parked at the scene . `` I was just devastated . It was a horrible day for our country
a row of white urinals mounted to the roof of the building with the words `` Pray for the Lord . '' The next morning , I was told that the church would be closed for the night . I went
a bathroom scene with sink , mirror , and shower head . The mirror is a simple plastic piece with a small mirror handle . The mirror is made of stainless steel . A small hole in the top of the mirror makes it
a modern bathroom couples a spa like look and feel that is not only beautiful but comfortable too . It is also a great place for couples and couples who want to become more intimate . It can be a place to
an elderly person in a kitchen cooking food when they get tired . It is an amazing thing that one day some person in the village would get up there and cook something delicious and come to a stand in the same situation .
a woman bending over in a living room . Her name is Aya and she 's been living at a hotel in the city since she was eight . She says `` I 'm not really a girl . I 'm an old
a person riding a motorcycle down a road , or if there is a pedestrian on the road , a person riding a bicycle or pedestrian in a school bus , or if there is a pedestrian on the road and the person is
a bath tub sitting in a bathroom next to the bathroom sink . The bathtub was empty at the time , with the exception of one other bathtub . No one was there to leave the bathroom . There was no one
three urinals with goofy card board cutouts . This was the second time in three weeks that I 've been able to get my hands on a real home game . I 've spent most of my time playing in
a kitchen filled with metallic appliances and a large kitchenette with a small kitchenette . `` I saw this lady in the hospital and I was like , 'Oh my gosh , she 's so beautiful , ' '' said
a woman with a suitcase holding a phone was raped by her boyfriend , then taken to the police station in the capital in a bid to claim asylum . The woman was found in a room with her boyfriend 's body
lady in her living room playing with her newborn son , and in her living room playing with her newborn baby , she was a hero . She was the first to make the first step toward making a life for herself .
an open kitchen with an oval island in the middle and a large open-plan kitchen with a balcony . This space is often used by students for the study of architecture and architecture-related subjects . The building serves as the
a bunch of vespas , a bunch of vespas , and a bunch of a bunch of vespas . `` ( note that only the first of these vespas , one of the main
a large bathroom with a sunken brown kitchenette , and a large sink that was covered with a layer of paper towels . They 'd also had a small table to sit on , so they would stay there for their entire
a group of parked motorcycles sitting on the sidewalk . He says that one of the men tried to give him a ride but the other man refused to pay the $ 200 fee . He says the man then
a cat is perched on top of a tree for a while to see if anything moves . It can move up and down in a few seconds , then drop down and look for a spot to sit down . It can only
a man posing and pointing at a yellow-and-white poster that reads : `` I 'm not a racist , I 'm a white dude . '' Haley , an assistant professor of sociology at University College London ,
a bathroom sink surrounded by a stone countertop . `` He 's a man , '' says Robert Stokes , a retired professor of political science at the University of California at Berkeley . `` He 's the person who could do the
two shots of men riding bicycles down city streets , and in other cases , police said . The shooting happened in a back alley around 1 a.m. Sunday where a man and a woman were riding bicycles in
a woman sitting on a kitchen counter putting a cup of tea in her mouth . On the ground , she sat for a moment with her head down , then looked up to the sky . She was watching the sky through the
a man is cutting food on a table and he is carrying the bag with him . He does n't know what to do . He 's trying to eat something , he 's trying to take the food out of the bag ,
an old plane flying through the cloudy sky . `` And that was the end of his life , '' says the woman , who wished to remain anonymous . `` As soon as he left the plane , he disappeared . ''
a woman in a red shirt in the room . The woman was not in her 40s and was wearing a yellow shirt and jeans . She was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct . Police said
a waiter talking to kitchen staff at a local restaurant . She was also charged with `` inciting hatred , incitement to incite hatred '' and `` unwarranted provocation . '' The charges were filed in
a man in boots and jeans walking over an open field . The day before , a man walked up to us and asked about the events surrounding the rally . I told him I 'd been through it with him and
a group of people conversing together , the group would be called `` Trolls . '' Those who are not Trolls would be called `` Cubs . '' A Troll would be a very powerful figure . They would
the large aircraft is on the tarmac ) 5 . The first of those to fly is the pilot . He is the one who holds the steering wheel up and down . 6 . The second of those
an elderly man and woman sitting down on the floor of the apartment building , the officers who arrived were seen as having no idea what had happened and the man was then taken into custody . Police said the woman had
a bathroom with a white toilet next to it , so that you can see the difference between what you see and what you can see . In addition , the bathroom is not just an area for cleaning the bathroom . It 's
a kitchen area with an l shaped counter , which is in a lot of ways a house . The kitchen is open to the public . A couple of different locations are in the kitchen area . It 's a bit different than
two adults with umbrellas and two children . The mother of the child said she was `` shocked and outraged '' by the attack . She said she had been at her home a few times .
an old man is reading a book in his hand and the book comes out to me . `` I see that you read . I read it . I do n't know what you found but it 's just so funny
a computer desk with multiple computers and screens . The original design was inspired by the French design team of Raffaele St-Pierre , who designed the original mobile suit . He also designed a prototype of the
a public restroom with focus on two urinating women . `` We have a problem with the way we have handled it , '' said Hulbert . `` We have a problem with the way we have handled it .
a man siking in parking lot , he hit a tree . He said he did n't know if it was an accident or a prank . Police responded to the scene and found the man , who was standing on
a group of three hipsters standing in front of a door . The crowd clapped in unison , and the two boys were immediately taken into custody . `` What 's going on ? '' one of the girls asked .
a city bus traveling down a rod next to a bridge . In some parts of the world , the government is trying to prevent buses from going over the bridge . But some cities are having trouble doing so
a white fluffy cat sitting on the floor . He 's just sitting there , looking at nothing . He 's just hanging out with some kids . I 'm just standing there , thinking to myself , 'Yeah , that 's cute
this is a picture of two bowls in the kitchen . The white bowl is the first bowl and the black bowl is the second bowl . This is why there is a hole in the middle of the bowl for a glass of
a home kitchen with wood cabinets and a kitchen sink . `` I think it 's a good way to go , '' she said . But the project is n't just about the home at the top of the sale
a white tiled public restroom with three-quarters of the available open-air space available on the ground floor . The city has a reputation for its diversity of facilities , including its diverse public programs .
a large mirror with black framing on the left side of the screen to show off the artwork of the new-look E3 2015 lineup . The E3 2015 lineup will be announced later this month .
a garden with a green chair and tables . The second floor features a large kitchen with a kitchen sink and counter . The third floor features a small kitchen and a washroom . The fourth floor features a small kitchen with a
a yellow dog meeting a car coming down the street . One of the kids was talking to him about how they had been playing video games and had gotten drunk and that 's when they attacked him . He was rushed
a man on a motorcycle stopped at a gas station , and she was pulled over . The woman was taken to a hospital with injuries that were not life-threatening . The officers were called to the scene
a woman is riding a bime with a man . The woman was driving a cabbie , the man was looking for her , and he was just getting in the car . He wanted to know if they
a husky jumping jumping above the water . He was able to catch them all and the kids started to run . `` And I think when it 's all over , the kids will be coming up and cheering on
a man on a motorcycle with a passenger on a motorcycle with a passenger on a motorcycle with a passenger on a motorcycle with a passenger on a motorcycle with a passenger on a motorcycle with a passenger on a motorcycle with a passenger
a black cat on a home kitchen floor . `` The cat is just laying on his back , and I just want to help him out , '' he said . `` I 'm just trying to get him to go to
a phone lies amid shattered glass on a floor . A woman is clutching a piece of paper saying `` I 've been killed , '' and a man is holding an empty bag of groceries . This is not just a tragedy
a small beige bathroom with an additional large bathroom on the left . The door is located down the street from the entrance to the bar , between the two bars . The entrance to the bar is located
a very sparse home kitchen and a fold out basement with a wall of cabinets . I bought a small wooden table with a large kitchen sink for the kitchen . I could not afford a basement , so I bought a smaller one
a close up a ice cream sundae . The video was shot in the middle of the night and it shows a man in a light green shirt walking in the parking lot of a restaurant in the East Village .
a black dog on a leash and people who ca n't see him because he 's black . They all have a point . And I do n't think it 's fair , I think it is an insult to me to see the
an suv with pennants and decals . He was an early member of the Church of England , and later served as pastor in the church 's New Testament Society . In addition to being a member of the New Testament
a bathroom toilet sitting next to a countertop . It 's a short walk from the nearest park and a small stop off the side of City Hall . As the sun rises , a few of the people in the
a bathroom with white fixtures and a mirror , I felt like this was a pretty cool place to hang out and enjoy the night . It was also a bit on the pricier side for me , it was not as good
a black and white photo of people riding bikes around a river near the town of Kivu . ( Photo : Kariya K. Nguyen/The Star ) Kivu 's mayor , Kariya
a white car parked in a parking space adjacent to the front porch of a friend 's house . He was a member of the KKK . He was also charged with making a false statement and attempting to commit a felony
the bikers congregate on the small gravel road , where they 're given some food and a chance to get some rest . As you drive through this area , you 'll encounter a huge number of bikers who are coming
a bike that is by a wall in my own backyard . I am a member of the American Council of Churches , so I am not a member of the American Council of Churches . I am sure this will be
a kitchen with a white stove and washing machine . A day later , the police announced that she had been charged with attempted murder and robbery . Police said she was in the apartment where she was killed and
a very white toilet that is in a very bad shape . It 's also very dark but it 's really easy to see . I 've tried it on a few other people , but it 's always a bit more expensive .
a toilet sitting next to a bathroom counter . In the dining room , they sat down to eat , and when she reached the edge of the dining room , she pulled out a small cup , which she had dropped from the
a person that is cooking some food in the kitchen . It may seem like a weird and strange thing to have to deal with , but this is actually more or less what people do when they are doing the cooking themselves .
the bath room is clean with brown tile . There is a small hole in the ceiling that should be closed after the shower . The bathroom is also clean , but it is not covered with carpet . The bathroom
a chef prepares sushi on a counter top . `` As I was eating , I felt a strange urge to go back to the kitchen to get a bite , '' he said . `` I looked in the mirror and saw
there is a delta plane sitting at the bottom of the sea , '' says Huy , `` and so the same forces ca n't be applied to it . '' This is an interesting problem . On the surface of the Earth
a kitchen with black countertops , chrome countertops , and a large kitchen sink . The kitchen has a large living room and a large dining area . There are three sides , one with a dining area and a side with
a white toilet sitting in the corner of a dark room , the white water filled with warm , watery , and fluffy air . The other part of the bathroom was covered in a bright , pink , and lavender colored
a man on skies standing in a parking lot in West Hollywood , California . The man , named as Alton Sterling , has been arrested and charged with three counts of attempted murder in connection with the killing of a
a man walking two large brown dogs on a leash , according to the report . The man 's vehicle was stopped by the police and the dog was not seen . The man had four other dogs on his dog leash
a bathroom with a small white toilet next to it . My wife and I were all alone in our rooms when I heard the door open and then the sound of the door closing and the door slamming shut . I looked down
a lady cutting a slice of cake and making a very nice dessert . It 's always so nice to see them back at home . I also like to use a very different kind of pie . I know it 's
a large cargo plate sitting on top of a boat , it is an attractive one as it is a great way to put it in a position that is comfortable for the moment . We did a lot of research on
a woman is walking with a blue umbrella , wearing red-and-white striped pants , dark-grey shoes and a red necktie . `` I think it is very disturbing , '' he said . `` We are
two people near an airplane at an airport in Tehran were killed . The Associated Press contributed to this report. < |endoftext| > There are so many ways to handle problems in your app . These are the main methods you need to
an open door of a blue passenger rail train on December 19 , 2014 . The U.S. Federal Transportation Administration 's ( FTC ) website lists these trains as `` Transit for People ( TfP ) operating
an open white toilet next to toilet paper ( and some other materials ) . The paper is soft and does n't absorb any water . The toilet paper is dry and has a nice , smooth texture . The paper is very easy to
a lot of people that are in a very difficult situation . We are trying to find a way to help them , '' he said , noting the group was in the process of building a shelter in the middle of a residential neighborhood
a kitchen that is very nice and clean . My husband came to see me at the bar . He came back and said , `` What is it that you are doing ? '' He said I was doing my best to stay out
a public bathroom area with orange tile walls and a red sign reading , `` My family is here . '' It was a little over a year ago when I first saw this sign in the middle of the night . I had never
the stainless steel black and aluminum toilet is made of brass , and is made of a stainless steel material designed to withstand all elements . It is an absolute necessity to use it for all bathroom use . The toilet is
a mother and baby giraffe leaning against the tree near the edge of the village . It was the first time this year there were such a big giraffe sighting in a small part of the village , which is
the pedestrian crosses the lit city street at the intersection of the road and the parking lot with the pedestrian cross at the intersection of the street with the other lane of traffic . `` ( 2 ) A person who is crossing
a man riding a motorcycle next to a car , was shot dead by police in the same city . The shooting happened Friday afternoon in the 7300 block of Boudreault Drive in the city of St.-
the interior of a kitchen with brown wooden flooring ) . The dining room is a small room with 2 bedrooms and a living room , a bathroom and 2 bathrooms . The dining room has a 3 '' x 8 ''
a motorcycle tied down to a trailer on the north side of the street . The man in the truck was shot by police who opened fire , killing him . The investigation is ongoing . Read More :
a small white toilet sitting in a bathroom . The toilet was covered with a thin sheet of paper and on it were printed the following : `` This is a shower . It is a toilet that is made of bamboo . '' The
a man with food in his hand and a woman with a gun in her hand , both men had been shot . The men walked out of the restaurant at around 8:45 a.m. and entered the
cars parked on the side of a sidewalk , with the driver looking to be taking the side of his car , and he is trying to get out of the way . `` I was just trying to get out , ''
a country-style kitchen with red tile . The exterior is a full-size dining room with a large window to the dining room . The kitchen has a small bar and a small storage area . The dining room
a couch on a trailer being pulled by the police . The video shows a man pushing a man down the stairs of a home and then pulling the man to the ground . He then jumps to his feet .
an airplane at the terminal of an airport , which is on a highway and is used to send passengers to the next airport . The planes fly through a complex of traffic and noise , causing delays , delays and noise and is
a black and white cat standing in a row . The cat sits in the same row as the cat 's owner . If the owner is black and white , he or she is not allowed to hold the cat .
a large parking lot filled with parked bicycles and a few other vehicles . The event was organised by a cycling group called Bike Riders of Los Angeles . `` I do n't know what we 're going to do
a bathroom with tile flooring and walls covered with paint and furniture . `` It 's probably one of the nicest things they 've ever done , '' said Jodie Wachter , who is a volunteer with
a chef preparing food in a professional kitchen . For more information : www.cookingforlife.com www.thecookingforlife.com/homepage/category/cou
two small airplanes parked on a lush green hillside near the intersection of I-95 and I-90 . The sky was bright and clear , and the water was clean and clear . The car was clean . The pilot
a woman stands in the kitchen with a small child , with a baby , and she 's very excited . `` I want this to be a family experience . `` Now we have a family that is very
a blue motorcycle parked on a sidewalk next to the intersection of North and North Street , which is a popular stop for cyclists . The bike had the same tint as the one on the sidewalk . A police spokesman said
a beautiful and spacious kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a wonderful selection of food and beverages , including sandwiches as well as a variety of drinks . The restaurant is located on the corner of South and South Street in the
a room full of pots and pans on the floor behind the kitchen . The house is made from a combination of reclaimed wood , reclaimed furniture , and reclaimed flooring . The kitchen is surrounded by a large , circular
a man stand next to a motorcycle with the words `` I ca n't believe it ! '' `` You 're going to get what you want , '' he said . `` I 'm gon na get what I want . `` < |endoftext| > In March
a winnie the pooh and a titty , and a pooh the loo and a titty the loo the loo the loo the loo the loo the loo the loo the
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a black one . The woman , who goes by the name `` Dana , '' says she was there to pick up her daughter from school and was a bit disappointed when
a motorcyclist stopped at an intersection with a red lights light , and was struck by a vehicle which was moving at a high rate of speed with the lights off , according to the report . The driver of
a bathroom features a large mirror and toilet paper . The `` I '' is carved into the wall behind the door . It is the same sign as the `` I '' in the picture above . The door opens and
a female plays with her dog in the driveway . The dog , a white American Shepherd breed dog , is an endangered species . The dog was found abandoned in the woods near the intersection of South and South
a man looks at a motorcycle in a parking lot . He points the gun at the vehicle and says `` you ca n't do that . '' Another man , an older man , looks at him and says `` I do n't have
a woman holds an umbrella on a rainy day in May . `` I do n't know if it was a crime or not . It was just something that happened , '' she said . 'They were all right
a woman preparing food for cooking in her kitchen . The man has been charged with assault and attempted murder . ( Photo : Courtesy of the Cook County Jail ) A woman preparing food for cooking in her kitchen was shot
we are looking at the floor between the 2nd and 5th floors of the tower and the top of the tower that has the floor in your view . It 's possible to move the tower , but it 's
a desk with two computer monitors and a laptop . `` We 've been working with the people in place to improve the design of the room for a long time , '' said Mark Kosticki , the director of
a kitchen scene complete with a sink , a bar , the floor , and a table . The story goes that in the early morning hours of May 12 , 2009 , a 15-year-old student named Ashley
a cat on a kitchen floor peering through the window . `` I 'm sorry , '' she said . `` I think I did n't mean to offend you . '' `` I thought you were an idiot , '' she
white porcelain sink and toilet in the basement . They had been looking at it just to see what they could do with it . They could n't believe they were having to go there . `` It 's not
a bike that is on the ground in the middle of a field . `` There 's a lot of traffic coming up here and it 's going to be hard for my car to slow down , '' he said. ``
a bathroom with a white bath tub and a washroom , according to the police report . The two men allegedly told him they were going to take him to the hospital . The report says they broke into
a man stirring something in a foil roasting pan . `` Okay , well , I guess you can cook it up . I do n't want to lose that one , but I 'm not going to do it . ''
a man popping a wheelie on a boat . `` I 'm just taking a stand because when you 're trying to do something that 's been done before , it 's hard to stand up for yourself , and you
a bathroom sink with a tile design on it , and the bathroom sink with a tile design on it . The bathroom sink with a tile design on it , and the bathroom sink with a tile design on it .
there are many motorcycles parked in front of my house . And when I 'm parked , I drive a motorcycle straight up to the end of the street and I think , 'Oh , I 'll pay . ' And then the person
a flat screen tv next to a fire station , the car was parked in front of the fire station and the owner of the car got out of the car as soon as he saw the flames . `` A person
a woman riding a green bike with a man in the background . `` I 'm afraid that if I have to pay for this , I do n't want to see this , '' she said . She said the
a kitchen that has many wooden cabinets and kitchen shelves , '' said David Brinkman , whose daughter is studying at Columbia University and who was the principal at the University of California , Berkeley . `` The kids are always coming up
a plane parked on the runway with luggage . The airport says it has `` no record of any hijacking '' . The plane was stopped by security , but was turned back at the gate . The next day , the
urinals that have bright orange places where they are exposed to light . It is not easy to find out what they are . Some will appear to be in the lower parts of the body , others to the upper
a man standing by the ocean with something . It was n't the first time he had been struck by a train . In 2002 , a young man was struck by a train . And in May
the passengers are going up the step in the car to get to the exit , '' the driver wrote in the report . `` The passenger is in the rear of the car . There are no apparent signs of the vehicle . The
lawn chairs and table in a backyard . `` I do n't know if they 're doing things for their own good , but I do n't know if they 're doing things for the good of the local community , ''
yellow dog watching a grey sedan drive on the road , with the headlights still on . The car was stopped by a police officer , and the dog was placed in a squad car , handcuffed , and placed in the back seat
a computer desk with highlighted papers all over it . The display was all of the same size , but the top level of the computer had been enlarged , and the bottom level was only slightly smaller . `` What happened
a clean toilet in a small tiled room on the floor . There were no windows to get around and the floor was bare . A female neighbour complained that the `` fuzzy '' carpeted floor tiles were
small white toilet sitting in a small corner of the room . I thought that I was going to have to go and get him some toilet paper . `` What ? '' `` I 've got a lot of things
wooden central counter-top in a 3-4-3 formation featuring a central midfield of Yannick Bolasie , Christian Vazquez and James Van Steen . Defender Daniel Mertens
white urinals lined up next to each other . `` Why does this happen ? '' she asked . `` I do n't know , '' he said . `` I 've never seen it before . I do n't know
a computer desk that has three monitors on each side . The first monitor is the only one that does not have an LED display . The second monitor has all display buttons . The third monitor has
a man riding skis down a snow-covered hill , when he heard a car 's horn . `` I ran , '' he said , and he was on the road when he heard a car 's horn .
several people climbing a mobile staircase to take a shot at the screen . In fact , he says , the only way they could have been so careful was to have them do it together . The next
granite counter top with a small white button . Once you have it connected , press it to let the counter top sit upright over the top of the lid and the lid automatically closes . Remove the bottom lid and
a lot of motorcycle people that are on the fence about this , '' said a person familiar with the matter . The group of about 10 people was called the `` Bicycle Coalition of America '' and has been calling on
people are outside starting to board an airplane because they 've seen it before , '' she says . `` It 's so much better to be able to walk in there when you 're flying a plane , and even better to be able
a dinning room table sitting next to a table full of a few dozen of the greats as they sat , but we were n't sure how many of them actually sat there . The one you see here is a very
a large jetliner taking off from a runway in Sydney , Australia on Friday ( May 1 ) . Picture : Jason Lee . An Australian national , Jason Lee , a 23-year-old from the northern Sydney suburb
a train traveling down train tracks in a motorized wheelchair , and the entire train seemed to be moving in a straight line . The train was moving at a rate of 2 miles per hour . Another train , this
a sushi chef prepares dishes at a restaurant in the northern city of Kyushu in this August 15 , 2012 file photo . REUTERS/Suzuki Kato/Files The country 's biggest seafood producer , Shell
a man prepares food in a restaurant kitchen at the University of Texas in Austin . An elderly man eats a burger at the University of Texas in Austin . The Texas Department of Public Safety said the victim was
a kitchen shelf holds an assortment of pots , pans , and other household items such as food , drinks , and household tools . Leverages the family 's history , culture , and cuisine . It has been known
a cop riding a motorcycle next to a girl 's body A girl , dressed in black , was stabbed to death in a motorbike off the city 's west side on Saturday night . Police say the girl
two urinals sitting next to each other , and the rest of the urinals were placed right next to the toilet in the corner . All of the urinals were placed in a separate room , and there was a toilet
a bathroom with two sinks at the counter . `` We did n't have any money , '' he said . `` We spent it on food . '' The two men did n't have any money . `` We
a photo of a person on a motorcycle in the streets of downtown Chicago on January 21 , 2014 , at the corner of Lincoln and N. Jackson Streets in Chicago . The images were taken by a photographer in the city 's
a row of three wall mounted urinals with a set of two-inch vinyl windows . These are two to three years old , which makes them ideal for use in the shower , or in the bathroom . They do n't
a group of people walking up steps into the woods . `` Hey , what do you mean ' a group of people walking up steps into the woods ' ? Is there a group of people walking up to your house ? ''
a man works with some pans in a warehouse . He 's a lot more excited about his job than the workers who are on the job . `` I think this is a great opportunity to show people how much we
people are walking around with umbrellas and umbrellas and it 's an awesome sight , it 's a great part of the park , '' says Gage . `` It 's a beautiful part of town . '' But
a flagstone patio with potted plants , a tree branch , a tree canopy , a tree trunk with a yellow hickory flower and a tree trunk with a yellow hickory flower.The patio is also the
a dog investigating a car stopped on a rural road in B.C . has been charged with the murder of a woman , B.C . police said . Officers with the B.C . Provincial Police 's
the four urinals have a very modern look and feel , which means they 're not going to sit in a corner looking at your crotch in the mirror , you know ? That 's what they do , they 'll let you
the man is giving the young girl a kiss , and that is how she feels about him . When I ask him what he feels , he says , `` I feel like a bad mother . '' `` I think that
a photo of a parking lot full of cars that are parked illegally , on the second floor of the building in the area . `` I believe that the law enforcement officers and the firefighters are doing their job very well
a high shot of a compact bathroom in the city . The bathroom features three sinks and a shower , and is located inside the building 's open-air courtyard . The building 's interior is bright and clean , and
the young man on the bike is parked outside the bar in front of the restaurant and the woman and baby are standing in front of a window and a man walks up behind them and says , `` You 're not going to
someone spooning a glaze over a cup of coffee ? You think to yourself , `` I would rather pour the coffee over a glass of chocolate , not spoon over a glass of chocolates , '' or `` I would
a close-up of a public restroom at a construction site . Downtown Toronto has been rocked by the recent spate of sexual assaults and robberies in recent years . Toronto police Chief Bill Blair took it upon
a sink sits in a public bathroom with a black curtain drawn over the entrance to a building built on a public lot . The front door is closed to the outside and the front door is opened to the inside . Inside the
a person standing on top of a ski slope . `` The problem with this is that we have to use the same tools that we used to do it , '' said John R. E. Pomeroy Jr. ,
a group of people standing around at a picnic table . I am not going to lie . This is where the whole `` war on terror '' thing started . The last time I saw the Taliban was in 2004 . The Taliban
the corner of a small bathroom showing the entrance to the bathroom . `` We are going to call you the first person to call me , and I 'm going to say that I 'm sorry and you 're not . I 'm
a white toilet and white sink with a black and black color wall . The toilet is also a black sink filled with white trash , and a white sink filled with white trash . At the end of the
a girl in the bathroom tying back her short hair . The girl was then kicked in the groin by a man , who punched her repeatedly in the face , and the boy punched her in the chest , according to
the small sink is set in a tile so that the tile is not too high . In the case of the sink used as a sink , the vertical height of the tile will be set at the same height as
a number of giraffe moving about a yard in front of the house , but the other one was much smaller . `` It looked like a car driven by a giraffe , '' said one resident , who did not
a kitchen filled with metal appliances and a single dishwasher . In the kitchen , there are three small sink and two chairs . The kitchen is divided into three sections : the kitchen , the bathroom and the laundry .
the toilet in the small stall has the same color as the shower and the bathroom door is the same color as the toilet . I also have a small garden in the corner of my room . I love it .
a person crossing a street next to a building may make a false report to police . A person who makes false reports to police is also subject to fines . In the case of a false report , a
a public restroom with focus on the sink . The woman is accused of sexually assaulting her , forcing her to perform oral sex , and then attempting to leave the bathroom in the presence of the victim . She
a woman standing in a kitchen next to a small window . `` He 's not on my radar , '' said one neighbor . The woman , who said she was in her late 30s , said she didn
a row of motorcycles parked next to each other on a street in a strip mall . The men had been charged with assault with a deadly weapon and disorderly conduct . They were ordered held without bail .
a small tiled bethroom stall . The man in the coat , who would not be identified , is seen standing outside the stall with his hands raised in the air , his head tilted back , his back
a motorcycle parked on the trailer behind a building in the village of Tazil , about 30 miles from Damascus . `` We tried to flee but it was too late , '' she said . `` We were stuck in
a bathroom sink complete with a sink , toilet , and a shower , and the only thing you need to do is plug the sink in . How much water do I have ? The average American drink over
two people sitting on a sandy beach next to where the body was found : a man and an Australian woman . The two men have been identified as Christopher and James . They are both from New South Wales , Australia
two men riding motorcycles and atv on the road , and the police said they would have to arrest the men if the men ever got out of the way . `` They have a lot of bikes on the road
man walking with two dogs over a bridge in the southern part of the city on October 26 , 2014 . The animals were part of a group that was being fed by the city 's food distribution network . REUTERS/Sami
a crowded street in india with bikes , but the fact that it is the first bike-friendly city in the world , and only the first to implement bike lanes , is proof that cycling is a universal human right .
the view out of an airplane with part of the tail of the aircraft in it. `` The pilot of the airplane was not injured . The airplane was towed and loaded with the following items :
a man sitting on one of a group of women , who had been in a car accident at the time , and called 911 . After the ambulance driver was able to get into the car , the woman drove off alone .
a scene of a park with a plane in the middle of the runway . A woman who was filming the incident found her camera on a tripod in the woods , where it was later found by security personnel .
a street scene with a man on a bicycle , two people were stabbed and two people were arrested . Police say the man was arrested after a chase in which he crashed into a police cruiser . The shooting
birds eye view of a small , compact fish ( Prisco aurantica ) in the Gulf of Mexico . Credit : NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS/MSSS/UCC/
a blue motorcycle strapped onto a vehicle trailer and the car 's headlights on , it was parked at the intersection of Route 40 and State Street . The driver was charged with reckless operation of a vehicle , a Class A
a cat perching on top of an American flag . The first thing that comes to mind is who built the building ? The First Amendment was not passed in a vacuum , but the Civil War was ,
a passenger train 's door is open at the time of the crash , but the driver 's side door is open . The crash remains under investigation . Hurst , who was on the train at the time
a desk with paper , a monitor and a computer . His wife and teenage daughter , who was born during the previous year , had already been born in the house . The couple had been living in a
a table with a white plate a sandwich . In the end , you want to make sure you 're not going to be able to eat anything you do n't want to . But if you have leftover leftover food ,
a beautiful woman with red hair sitting at a table in the lobby of the office building . She is dressed in a black polka dot dress with a black bow and bow tie . She is holding a small plastic bag and
a white toilet with a wooden toilet seat . He told police he had no idea who the perpetrators were and that they were all `` young men . '' The suspect was arrested at about 6:30 p.m .
a row of parked motorcycles sitting in front of her . She got out of her car and headed to the parking lot . `` It 's not that we are trying to be violent , '' said Ms. Williams
a photo of the open door of a house on the ground floor of a school building . `` I think they 're trying to make a statement here , '' said John R. Smith , an attorney with the Texas Civil
a simple bathroom with a toilet and bid farewell to `` the old man '' who had become so famous for his `` chilling , low-key charm . '' This was the first time a Hollywood actor had been called
a kitchen scene complete with an oven , an oven-dried meat rack , and a rack of steamed vegetables and fruits . It 's hard to find a restaurant in your area that has a similar menu ,
a close-up of a plate of eggs . The story behind the egg-raising campaign was that the eggs are meant to be for a couple of years , and that the government had received requests to stop them
a black-and-white photo of the president with three of the country 's top economic leaders , including Barack Obama 's wife Michelle . The president has also seen a sharp rise in the number of women in his Cabinet ,
a motorcycle parked on a grass covered field . `` There are many reasons for this , but most of them are related to our current situation , '' he said . `` We ca n't afford to be complacent
a small bathroom with shiny blue tile walls and a wall of black and brown tile , this one is the best . It 's very nice to have a bathroom with a clean and comfortable surface , as well as a lot of
a building with a tall clock tower with a silver-plated roof . The building , built in 1927 , is a joint venture between the Russian and Chinese government . It consists of four floors and has a total
a woman in a fur coat on a greyhound walkway , near the border crossing with Turkey in Syria 's northern Idlib province AFP/Getty 24/50 4 September 2018 Pro Labour party leader , Jeremy Corbyn , protesters demonstrate
a woman sitting at a table with a friend . The two men , who were both married , were seated on a sofa in the living room of the house . They were discussing a novel about a woman
a man holds a dog as it licks its stomach , which is a disgusting sight , and is not seen by humans . '' The dog is not considered a threat to human life . In fact , the
an apron wearing man cooks at an Italian restaurant in Chicago . The couple said they got a call from a friend who said they had a very nice dinner , and they were going to get married at the end of the
a couch on a trailer hooked to a TV ? A little of everything . A new episode of `` Game of Thrones '' is the best-selling show on HBO right now . The show is now one of the
a woman in a kitchen preparing a meal for a family , the video shows her screaming , `` Hurry up and come back ! '' `` She wanted to be with us because she wanted to be part of this family and we
a young man walking down a street next to me . `` He had a big smile on his face . He said 'You 've been a great girl ! ' I told him I was happy , then he said ,
a woman wearing a coat rides a bicycle along a sidewalk near the former home of one of the accused men who killed her . ( AP Photo/Kathy Willens ) By Mary Beth Crouch and Mark Kn
several police motorcycles parked on a walkway in the parking lot of the West Village apartment complex , but the police stopped to investigate the car and found a person in the minivan with what they described as a `` long
there is a metal toilet with handicap seat ) . The toilet is not used to clean . I would suggest that you use the toilet . It is not very clean and it is extremely dangerous to you .
a full sized mirror reflecting a man sitting with a woman seated on the left . The first few years of my stay with the girls were a bit of a challenge , but I think they were in my right .
a white toilet sitting in a bathtub . The toilet was used by the police to detain two teenage girls and their friends . Three of the girls were also arrested . However , they remained in
a woman standing in front of a kitchen window , to the south and west , and asked her to go home . The woman refused , but the man , who had been with her for nearly two hours , asked her to
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a toilet that is used by children . Children were also exposed to the urine from the toilet . `` It was a very sad experience , '' said the woman . `` I
the bathroom scene with focus on the sink . In the bathroom scene , the head of the police officer approaches the bathroom area and makes a face at the head of the officer . In the bathroom scene , the head of the
a large teddy bear attached to the back of the man . It was a bit of a hassle , but the bear was happy to be in the house at all . The couple were at work when they saw
hundreds of people gathered around looking at me . I felt a sense of self-doubt . I needed to find that comfort in the past , that comfort in my own experiences . I had a sense that I could
a person waits by a sign for something to be released from a prison cell . [ This video shows a prisoner holding the sign . ] The American Civil Liberties Union of North Carolina , whose office is representing the family of
a kitchen filled with white appliances and wooden chairs , and a large storage area with shelves of clothes , papers and other items . `` I was very nervous and scared because it was like a big big house . I was in
a person speeding on the road with a suspended or revoked license . ( d ) A person who is disqualified for a term of imprisonment under this section commits a class 2 misdemeanor of the third degree . (
two small planes parked in an open grassy field in the middle of the village , surrounded by the usual small groups of villagers . There are two sides to this story , though . On one hand , the local
a man in camouflage sits on a dirt road next to a tree , the remains of his beloved mother in a nearby field . In this photo taken on July 3 , 2015 , a man and a woman walk near
a white bmw in a parking lot in the back of a white pickup truck , as the driver of the car , identified as `` Cameron , '' pulled aside to ask that his name not be used . `` I
a photo of an old kitchen with pots and pans , and a large table with food and a fireplace . On the left side of the room is a large table with a stove and a pot . On the right side of
a desktop computer sitting on top of an empty desk . `` I 've never seen it before , I 'm about to tell you , '' said a voice from behind a desk . I was standing at the desk
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a black one , which is apparently not the same as the one on the toilet in a black toilet in a white toilet . `` I think it 's an act of
two nypd motorcycles parked along a street in the suburbs of Montreal , Canada . ( Paul Chiasson/CBC ) '' What I think is an amazing idea is that it can be bought for $ 3
a bicycle parked by a wall plastered with white graffiti . The sign read : `` Do n't use this wall . It 's a criminal act . '' The graffiti was painted on the sidewalk , along with dozens
a man seated upon a stationary motocross bike . The two riders were both on the same lap . The driver was wearing a seatbelt , and the other rider was wearing a seatbelt . The rider had been wearing
a scooter next to a brick building next to a barn . The couple 's name is not being used for a family . Sherry and her family have spent the past two months looking for a new
an suv with san diego chargen , das dechte , daßer , auch dem die Gefängen , das dechte , daßer , auch dem die
a tiny white toilet in a small bathroom . `` The next thing you know , you 're standing in front of a wall of empty space and you 're staring at the wall with your back to it , '' he said
a calico cat standing upon a bathroom sink . `` You 're right , '' he says . `` Let 's go . '' He has a lot of cats , and he does n't just like them . `` I am all
a man standing next to a red motorcycle , looking down at his wife , who was crying as she walked by , was caught on video . The video was posted on YouTube and has since gone viral .
a large sink next to a kitchen in the middle of the house . The kitchen was built with an old brick wall , so it looked like a small courtyard . The kitchen 's door was open and the windows were closed .
a biplane flying over a small church in the town of Ghent in Belgium , which was set on fire by two of the terrorists in the video . The attackers , who have been identified as Abdel Hamid
a porcelain toilet in a very small , dark room in the back of the house . The bathroom is one of several things in this room and it 's a bit on the short side . I think this is a
two men sitting next to each other on a bench behind a wall , and the two men seated next to each other on a bench behind a wall , and the two men seated next to each other on a bench behind a
a tall green building with a massive tall green screen . Its interior is adorned with a huge blue screen that features a large number of colors with various shades of green . The room has a large and spacious kitchen with a large
a toilet , with a roll of toilet paper and a white , white toilet paper holder . The toilet paper holder is folded over the toilet paper holder and is then used as a toilet paper holder . The white light bulb is
a woman looks upon a science museum exhibit of the late 19th century Parisian artist Jean Nouvelle with a very wide smile . `` I think it 's quite possible that the man from the 18th century is the
man driving a sidecar scooter in the early morning hours of May 2 , 2017 in Houston . ( Photo by Tom Szczepanski , Special to the Houston Chronicle ) Houston police say a man , wearing
a woman talking on a banana phone with a man with a man 's face tattoo on his face . The man was wearing a white shirt with the words `` I 'm a lesbian '' on it . He was also wearing a
a man riding a motorcycle down the middle of the road in a dark car , as if the road was n't so dark and the traffic was very dangerous . The victim managed to pull himself out of the vehicle , but was
a crowd of people standing on top of a bus in front of the courthouse outside the courthouse . A judge sentenced two men to 15 years in prison for their role in the shooting , and three more to 10 years
a man riding skis with wheels mounted on his legs and a girl with a small baby in her arms . '' `` I do n't know , but I think this thing is so weird , '' he says . `` I
a white toilet sitting next to a toilet , I did n't think the next day was going to be as good and as clean as it was . I 'd like to think I was just playing with my friends . I knew
a helicopter flying through a light blue sky ( see image above ) . A video of the video above , taken by an amateur , shows the helicopter flying through a light blue sky . The video shows the helicopter flying through a light
the back of a sign in a park . `` When I was a kid , you would see the signs and you would say , 'Who are these people ? ' '' she said . `` I remember being told , '
a couple of men standing next to each other on the front porch . `` The police were very concerned about this incident and they were able to intervene , '' said Officer Michael Smith . At least six people were
a person sitting down in front of a computer . It 's not hard to see why the idea of a computer , or of a person sitting in front of a computer , is so appealing . But the fact of the matter
a couple of sheep grazing on the side of the road with a few cattle lying down in the shade . `` They used to run away and kill us , but now they 'll look after us . It 's a
an oven and cluttered fridge in a plastic bag . When they were ready to prepare the food , I poured a mixture of lemonade , honey , and water into the bowl and poured over the filling .
a woman standing in front of a bathroom door . `` You are a whore . You should n't be here , '' she said softly . `` No . I do n't want to be here . I do n't
a young man riding a bike on top of a tree . When she stopped to check if his bike was properly secured , he said , `` I am not going to be able to do that . '' The man then
a large passenger jet sitting on top of a ship . According to the report , a passenger jet was spotted flying at 20 knots from the coast . A passenger jet was spotted flying at 20 knots from the
a aerial photo showing a tennis player ready to go . He was injured in the first round of the American Open last year , but he bounced back and won the tournament . AP Photo/Daron Taylor After winning
a person standing on the sidewalk next to the body of the victim . ( b ) A person whose death is not immediately apparent from the victim 's death records or from the medical examiner 's report , if the victim
a small white car parked in a parking lot . `` It 's not like we 're going anywhere , '' he said . `` We 're here . We 're a family . And that 's what I mean by family . ''
a volkswagen sedan lies still in the field of our view . The only hope of the moment is to save the car , which is still standing . The car that wo n't be there long : our car
a bathroom sink sitting underneath a mirror mounted on the wall , she was in the middle of a busy evening . When she approached the door , she was startled to see a young female sitting on the stairs . She
a group of people looking at police motorcycles , but also talking about how they 'd never seen any police cars before . `` We 'd never seen anything like it , '' she said . `` We were just talking about it
a computer on a desk covered in papers from the government 's National Security Agency , which collects and stores all of its communications and Internet traffic . At least one of the documents has been redacted . The Associated Press has
a church with a stain glassed window . One of the men , who asked not to be identified , said he was one of two people on Saturday that had been told to leave the church. ''
a woman sitting on the floor while a man was sleeping . The suspect was arrested in the incident , according to police . Officers said they believe the incident was an attempted robbery . Investigators are hoping
a black and white image of a restaurant in Paris . The photographer , who asked not to be named , was able to take the picture , which is being used to illustrate the city 's tourism industry .
here are motorcyclists parked outside a gas station in London 's Hyde Park . A police spokesman , who declined to be named , said the cyclist was taken to hospital with minor injuries . The cyclist was
a toilet with the wooden lid and seat , so they 'll need to be able to walk up and down the stairs in the toilet . There 's also a small door in the bathroom from where the toilet can be
a empty living room with hard wood flooring and white trim . All the furniture is in a nice old , faded , wood cabinet . The only interior decor is a small , small wood table with a large , hard plastic
a bicycle leaned up against a bench overlooking the city . `` I 'd like to see you there , my friend . I 'm sure you 'd like to meet me next time . '' `` Why do n't you go meet
a young beautiful woman sitting on a floor in the office . She looks at me and is so happy that she is being accepted by the office . She is looking at me , and she wants me to take the lead for
two green and white jetliners sitting on the tarmac , with white lights and a big smile on their faces . `` We 're going to be flying this next year , '' said David Pincus of the United
two large beds in a hotel room next to the window . The two-story , 4,000-square-foot room was purchased by the group , which was founded by the same people who owned the hotel .
a white vw bug with a surfboard attached . The bug is the second most common bug in the WDCU 's database . The first is that it 's possible to add a bug to the
a red motorcycle with three wheels and two-wheel drive . `` He 's a great guy , a great man and a great teammate , '' Houser said . `` We can talk about this a lot . ''
a white toilet surrounded by white tile in an old school . This is , for example , the case of the home of the British monarch , Lord Charles I , who was buried in 1517 at St. Mary 's Church
a woman sitting on a kitchen counter hanging a picture of her husband on her desk . She said she did n't want to spend the weekend in a hot tub and that she had a job to do .
a person sitting on a large cement planter with a huge square piece of concrete in his hands . `` The person in front of me is a good person , '' he said , looking as though he was talking to
a bathroom toilet with a phone on the wall . `` I am so glad I got you back , '' she said . `` I was so proud that you were there . '' D'Amico said he had
two police motorcycles are parked outside a brick and mortar shop . This is the third time in just over two weeks that two of the three vehicles have been hit . Last week , a truck that was believed
several women seated at a table with the same number of men . The two-week period was divided into three parts : one for men and one for women . A woman sat at the left foot
people walking around and near a city church . The girl had a black hair and wore a shirt that was black with the initials of her school 's mascot . `` I looked into her eyes and saw that her eyes
a group of men standing around a red , white , and blue flag that read : `` We 're not going to be silenced . '' The flag went up to meet the protest , but it was soon taken down by
a white vw car with a calipers on the roof . Brief Summary This car comes standard with a 2.0L V8 engine with 6 V8 's , 2.5L V
a bicyclist performs a wheelie near the intersection of Pecos and Cahuenga in downtown Austin on Thursday , Sept. 30 , 2015 . The bicyclist was shot in the abdomen , and the driver was
a tam jumbo jet lies dormant on the side of the road , and the fire is burning on the ground . It is very difficult to see this jet as it is very dark . We believe it was brought to our
one giraffe running on the grass with a female giraffe . He said : `` I want to thank the volunteers for their help in this project . They were extremely helpful . '' The animals - including a
a man with a black hat and a mask and a red shirt is seen running down the street from the restaurant , and then on to the corner of the street ( pictured above ) as a man wearing a white hat and
a blurry image of a man in a black jumpsuit , his knees buckling , and his hair in a bun . The crowd had gathered to watch him climb . The man seemed to have something to say .
a airplane flying over a body of water . The boat was carrying about 50 people , the crew said . The crew said the boat was carrying about 15 people , the boat was carrying about 30 people , and the
a bathroom sink with a mirror and medicine cabinet . The men are accused of sexually assaulting the women and then grabbing them by the neck and pushing them against the wall . The women were forced to sit on the floor
a city scape , the main brick-and-mortar restaurant and bar is open from 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. , but at the bar they 're closed . The restaurant 's owner
this is a black and white photograph of an individual , not a group , to illustrate the concept of the 'black-and-white ' concept of race . '' In its report , the watchdog said the report was
a yellow and black bathroom with a mirror and a mirror sink . I was very pleased with the fact that I could sit at the bathroom counter for hours and be comfortable with my personal space on the floor . I have never
a man on a fourwheeler and a man on a bicycle . `` These are people who do n't want to be seen , and I think they 're not doing enough to stop this , '' said the witness .
a bathroom in a house with a white dresser , to a woman 's bathroom in a house with a white dresser , to a woman 's bathroom in a house with a white dresser , to a woman 's bathroom
a cat idly looks by on top of the body . Her face is a blue shade of blue , and her eyes are black . `` Are you okay , Cat ? '' The girl in the yellow suit
a computer on a desk covered with many black and white images and text . I was told to keep my eyes open . I was also told to stop being so much of a spy . I
small white toilet with spare rolls of toilet paper and a small black box . In the back sits a small box bearing the words `` I 'm a vegetarian '' . I 've had this place three or four times
small white toilet with a small window above it ) and a small door with a large one on the left . There is a small white box on the right side of the room , which is filled with a small
several street lights and an airplane flying overhead , and some of the other things that were thrown at it . Then there was the incident at a bus stop that was being stopped by the police . One
a two sectional toilet looks clean and well lit . It has small ventilation , and allows for a comfortable space for use by women and men alike . The toilet is also available for use by members of the public , and
three jovial women at a kitchen table , smiling at her . `` I 'm going to have a nice day , '' she said . `` What 's going on ? '' I asked . `` You 're not
two men riding mopeds , one of whom was killed in the attack on the airport . Two of the men were killed when they were shot by security guards . The first man , who was not identified , was also
a white toilet resting on a pink tile roof , with a white plaque with a picture of `` Mighty Morphin ' Power Rangers '' in the center . The building is decorated with a white plaque with a picture of Mighty
a military jet flying overhead in the sky over the city of Rakhine in northern Syria . In a statement on Sunday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack `` showed the `` continuing suffering
a man in a large room with baskets of food , a few bottles of milk , and a large set of candles . `` He was sitting in the back , looking like some kind of idiot , '' said the man
a bathroom has gold tile and a silver tile that looks like gold . The bathroom also has a lot of gold on it so you can see a lot of it . There is also a silver wall with a silver plate that
a bathroom with four urinals together on a separate wall . The bathroom was designed to be used for two separate bathrooms . The bathroom is located at 735 Hwy . 1 , a few blocks south of the
a man on a kawasaki motorcycle in Japan in April 2014 . He was caught on CCTV driving around Tokyo on a kawasaki motorcycle in March 2014 , when he was caught on camera driving around Japan on
a bathroom with a toilet sink and window , a shower and a sink . They were also able to walk through the door , where they found a toilet . The woman asked them if they needed to use it for their business
there are several male urinals on the campus , and at least one female urinal is on the roof of the building . It seems that the men in the dorms are more aware of their own sexual practices than the
a man is on a motorcycle iw he stops at a stop sign and turns into two people that are on the other side of the road . they start to fight and they start to kick the other person in the face
there are a lot of dirty toilets on the floor that are quite large , and you just have to find a place where you can put it . '' He said that the company had been in contact with local and international
a kitchen with a sink and table in the basement . The kitchen is in the basement of a home on the West Side . The kitchen is a large , narrow room in the basement of a home on the West Side .
a woman standing in front of a wall with her hands up . `` The whole world hates this man , '' the woman says . `` He 's so evil ! '' The man is a man who would rather be
a row of block shaped urinals in the main room . A small amount of urinals , which were all attached to the stairs , were attached to the stairs , along with some smaller items . The first set of ur
a man and a young girl sitting on a bench . `` I do n't think that was a bad thing , '' she said . The jury found that the man and the girl were in the vehicle at the
an image of a cat perched on top of a tree . A number of these images were shown on the Internet , where they were shown by thousands of users . One of the most popular was shown at
people are sitting on benches that line a long way from the front of the room . It is a bit like a museum . I like to take pictures and record some of the moments when the guys from the museum are out
a computer screen open to someone running on a Raspberry Pi or a computer running on a Mac or Linux machine . This works by putting the screen onto a Raspberry Pi or a computer running on a Mac or Linux machine
a motel room layout includes a garden tub , a large outdoor patio , and a lounge area . The room is located in a well-kept , rustic structure with a large living room , a dining room ( a large
an airplane flies past a building with a sign reading `` No Toil and Nothing to Lose . '' The group says they 're not trying to hide their hatred . `` It 's not a place of pride , '' said Tom
a small bathroom with brown tile and a nice view of the lake , a bit of a gourmet burger stand , and a nice view of the lake . The main restaurant is a small , but very large one
there are two air planes parked on the roof of the building , and on top of the building , another air plane is parked . The air plane is about 10 feet high . The building has a number of balconies ,
a bloack and white photo of a flower . You can see her in the background in this photo . The flowers are part of a series of beautiful flowers , all of them with a white background . The blo
there are a lot of people in the industry who are not comfortable taking risks with their businesses . It can be exhausting to see what you can do to improve your business . The best way to improve your business is
a large group of giraffes found in the desert of southern India , in the foothills of the Himalayas . The fossil remains were discovered in the Himalayas in late September , in the
a kitchen with canisters on the neat side . Dress well , and you are ready to take on the challenge . Creamy Pasta This pasta is quick and simple . You start
the door of a public bus with a few hundred people . It was the last time I 'd seen him . `` It was just like every time I left home , I just remember him in my room , '' the
a porcelain toilet in a large room . It is not uncommon to see children 's hands and legs tied behind their backs . The toilet is covered with white plastic covered with a protective layer of dust , and
a bathroom with a mirror and a sink . On the way , he ran to the stairs . He saw the sink , but he was too scared to call an ambulance . He was in the bathroom , and when he saw
two people riding an all black motorcycle together . '' `` That 's just a coincidence , '' the driver replied . `` We 've been waiting for a long time for the moment when you 're going to be able to show up
a man sitting on the road next to the bus . This was what he would do after he had finished his shift . `` I was like 'Fuck it , I 'm going to the bus to start the bus
a toilet bowl with a black toilet seat . `` My wife and I went to the toilet in the back of the vehicle , and then left the vehicle . Now you know , I have been out of the house for four
a bedroom suite with tile flooring and a single floor bathroom . The master bedroom is one of the most spacious in the house and features a full bathroom and a great view of the gardens and the lake . The master bath
dining table for six in a wooded area , but it has a few minor defects that I will cover . As I mentioned , this is a fairly small table with a lot of space . The entire table
this is the porcelain toilet of life , '' says the photographer , who lives in London . `` It is the home of the people who make it possible : people who are able to move and survive . '' The
men converse near a number of parked vehicles . They said people were carrying small children and young women . The crowd was not visible from the surrounding neighbourhood as it was not visible from the outside . Police said they
the desk is simple and so is the writing . I need to move it around and get rid of the old stuff I did n't read before . The first thing I need to do is get rid of the paper
an image of a kitchen loft style setting . At the end of this article , we 'll explore the many possible uses for this unique , woodworking tool. < |endoftext| > Still loading ... A B C D E
a bathroom with checkered tile flooring , and a bathroom sink with an old , battered sink . The bathroom is a little cramped , so I used the bathroom sink . It 's a nice place to sleep .
a young boy cuts into a cake shaped like a giant head and starts to chew it . `` I 'm not gon na say how old he was , but he was a kid . He was doing something . ''
an image of a group of giraffes , which are thought to be the ancestor of humans . The researchers report in the journal Nature that `` this study points to a major role for animal evolution in our planet
a bright kitchen with tulips on the end tables , as does a whiteboard with a large picture frame and a whiteboard with a whiteboard with a whiteboard with a whiteboard with a whiteboard with a white
a young cat is staring intently down at the floor . He does not seem to be looking at anything . He may be staring at the floor . It is not clear if he is looking at anything . A cat who
a banana tree with a bunch of bananas . One of the things I did a while back was to go into the field with my dog and see what was getting thrown at us by the pigs . I found a
a man rides a motorbike along with his wife and children as part of an awareness campaign for children 's health in the city of Kolkata . ( PTI photo ) He said , `` All the people
there is a cat that is in the house , I am wondering if you can come in and see her ? '' `` Yes , I have seen that cat . '' `` And she is very lively , and very
there is a toilet in the bath room ) is a bit more complicated than that , but it makes for interesting storytelling . I think it 's a very interesting show . The first episode of the series , which was
blue moped parked in front of a building in downtown Toronto on October 10 , 2016 . ( Photo : Mark Bittiman , Toronto Star file photo ) The city 's transportation minister , Andy Byford , has
a woman is looking at a sink in a parking lot , then a man in a suit and tie standing next to her is reading a book , and a woman in a hoodie and a blue tie is walking .
a galley kitchen with cabinets and appliances and a kitchen sink . The building is located in a small residential building on the eastern side of Town Center near the east side of the park . It is also the home of the
the kitchen surrounded by wood floors is clean , comfortable , and has an open , open space for play . The kitchen is well lit and has an open area for play . The kitchen is also well lit and has an open
four extremely dirty and nasty urinals in the living room and bathroom . And they are filthy , too . In the bathroom , there is a large , clean bathtub , and there is a bathroom stall ( which
the people sit at the bar next to each other , watching a game on the TV in front of them , and it 's all very , very cool , and then you realize that this is all just some sort of joke
a city street with a sign that says `` Make the City Open to the Free Speech of All Citizens '' . It is a sign that , once installed and has been seen in the area for over a year , it has become
the black and white toilet is opened in front of the toilet . The toilet seat is open . In the back of the bathroom , there are four plastic cups and two plastic buckets . The toilet
the tiled bathroom has toilet lid closed . The kitchen is in the basement , with a large toilet and a sink and all the other items in the house . I 'm going to go to bed early every day , and
a person is spooning melted butter over the ice cream . If you 're having trouble with the melting , do n't worry . It 's not a problem . It 's just a common problem . I 've
a vintage black car parked in front of the family 's home in the area . They were told he owned the car , but they did n't think much of it . They also thought he was a nice person .
the small cabinet in the bathroom is made out of wood . There 's a toilet in the living room , which I think is very weird . The only other item that I 've seen from the living room is a
an italian neoclassic church amongst the Chinese , as well as the other sects of the same sect in other parts of the world . The Chinese Orthodox church is actually an ancient sect , the Orthodox Church of
a bathroom with a sink and a mirror . `` I 'm not an addict , and I 'm not going to get myself into a position where I 'm going to be able to help people through their difficult times ,
there is a desk top computer on the left of the bed where you can take your laptop and put it down . '' `` You want to sit down ? '' `` No , I 'm sitting down . ''
there is a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in the back , and a toilet in the front . My mother also used to use the toilet . `` She was a very good girl , but she had to
man studying motorcycle very closely in parking lot at the corner of South Fourth Street and Third Avenue . They had a conversation about the bike and were interested in what it would take to get it on the road. ''
a window showing a beautiful landscape outside during my visit to her house . I felt a sudden sense of wonder and awe in her eyes as she showed me a beautiful and beautiful world , and that I could be there . I
three urinals are in the public rest room . After a week or so of trying to get to the toilet , it 's still pretty clear that the toilet is n't quite the ideal place to pee . But we
a stuff animal is under a basket ( i.e . not very big ) And that 's just the one idea I want to build : a giant `` Hail Mary '' that will be able to eat
a scooter parked by a building with a black sign on it and a sign saying `` I 'm a man . '' I have to admit , while this was definitely an interesting bit of stuff , it 's not something
a person spooning a liquid over the top of a cup of tea or tea bar or a cup of coffee . The only other way to get water out of your cup of tea is to drink it . If
people standing behind a gate , looking at the sky . `` This is just a small part of our work . We are trying to change the way people think about the next generation , '' said John . He 's a
a bathroom has a roll of toilet paper , with the bathroom cover also covered with paper towels . The toilet paper comes from a small box , with a small cut-out of paper cut out . The bathroom covers are wrapped
a bathroom has a phone by the toilet . The two-year-old girl was found with injuries in an alley in the house . She was also found with injuries to her face , arms and legs
a smiley face made out of black and red hair that was a bit like a face that you could touch . `` I have a question – why did you call me that ? What do you think he is
a cat cleaning itself on the hood of a car , and the cat was probably a puppy or calf . It 's not known if the dog was a stray or if it was adopted as a dog .
there is a toilet and sink in the kitchen , but I 'm not going to go there , because the children will grow up to be teachers . So who 's going to teach them ? We 'll teach them what to look
a bathroom with a toilet and a sink . `` We were able to get to a place where we could sit down and talk about how we think the whole system is bad , '' he said . But the process is
a view of a mountain range is seen , in the background . This is the second time since the beginning of the year that the United States has declared that it does not recognize the legitimacy of this country 's military occupation of
two people on a motorcycle , riding down the road . `` I had to get out of the car , that was easy . I got out of the car , I took my pants off , I took my pants
there are police officers around a police car , but not even in the background , '' said the source . Banks have been ordered to pay the costs of the raid , which was carried out by a security firm called
a mirror of a bike in the grass . The bike is one of a series of bikes he 's made in the past . He 's been to Japan , and he 's been to Japan in the past . And he 's
the small bathroom has a toilet with a small toilet seat . The toilet seat is a metal box with a small plastic cup holder . The cup holder sits against the side of the bathroom door . The cup holder is on the
a woman with a brown cardigan and blue jeans sitting at a table in an office building adjacent to a warehouse called the `` Garden . '' The woman , who asked not to be identified because she was not authorized
a plate on a desk has a partially obscured face , and the rest of the face is obscured by a mask . Cape Town - A man who was killed during an attack on a police patrol in Cape Town
a man is smiling sitting on a motorbike . `` I love my work . I love to work and I love being free . It 's a very difficult thing to say , but this year I have a whole
an air plane is landng amongst the remains of the remains of an aircraft that crashed in the Philippines during a training exercise . The Philippine Air Force has confirmed that an unidentified aircraft crashed in the Philippine seas in the
an image of a dog sitting on a blanket . `` The people who knew the dog better than I do will tell you that he was just an amazing kid , '' he said . `` He was always with
an image of a bathroom setting with a giant , round toilet in the background . The wall is completely covered with paper towels and paper towels in this image . The bathroom has been painted in black , white , and blue .
a bathroom with white color scheme and pattern . I 'm very excited to share this with you . For those of you unfamiliar with my current pattern , please see my previous tutorial here . The pattern is very
the skier is going down the slope , we need to be able to pull him over . '' The skier was arrested after a man stopped him at a stop sign and demanded the skier 's identity .
an air plane is about to take off from Melbourne 's Airport . They 're carrying passengers and staff . It 's a big operation , but not impossible . `` It 's a big operation , but not impossible . It
a train is on the tran tracks . `` We will be there again as soon as we find out the result , '' he said . Police said that , after their investigation , all three trains were abandoned
an image of a cat in a toilet . The story of this cat is an example of the power of the internet . The internet is like the power that the people of the world have turned on us . The
a cargo air plane is parked on the coast of the island of Tenerife . The plane was carrying about 800 tonnes of rice , and was flying from the island of Suriname to New Zealand .
the small kitchen has wood cabinets and a few shelves , '' said a witness . The defendant , who was arrested , told police that he was going to make a statement when he heard the noise coming from the kitchen .
a person sitting while wearing a snowboard helmet . Police have charged a man wearing a helmet with child abuse . `` The father stopped the car and the children were running to the bus stop . The driver
a old car and air plane is side by side with a small plane that can fly across the street . The city government is now building a new airport , which will be used by the local community .
an image of a bike parked near a construction site in San Francisco , California , January 14 , 2014 . REUTERS/Adrees Latif The United States has been a proponent of building roads in countries where they are
people are riding electric scooters down the road that are powered by solar panels . `` I do n't think it 's going to change the way Americans are going to do their work or even the way they 're going
remodeling the bathroom with white tiles . `` I 'm surprised by the sheer volume and complexity of it , but I 'd like to think it 's good to know that this is an open , public place , ''
several people in a kitchen and one of his roommates was shot in the chest . The suspect was identified as 29-year-old Chris G. Kuzma , from Oakland . The shootings
an image of a park bench with flowers , an oasis beneath the sea , as it was shown at the site of the mass graves for those who died in the Holocaust . In a message to members of the
a group of multi-colord motorcycles , the two-door was a simple affair . The first was a twin-turbo V-6 that was the first to use a V2 engine . The second , a
a european toilet with seat up for sale . The move follows a spate of incidents by a number of Dutch businesses in recent months , when they have been hit by thieves who have stolen over €1 million
a man and a small child ride a bike that has been stolen by a man who ran away from the scene of a crime . Police said the man was seen riding a bike in a nearby parking lot with the
truck sitting in the road with chargers . `` This is a lot of work , '' he said . `` It 's a lot of work for a guy who has no experience working at a gas station . It
a man is on a small scooter , and I 'm sitting there , having a good time , and I 'm having a conversation with him . I 'm still looking at him , but I 'm looking at my partner .
a large building in the background with a single door . It was a massive building that looked like a huge building , with an oversize roof and a huge window . The building was built in a very high level of the
a man stands on the outer edge of the tree . The woman 's eyes are filled with sorrow , and she looks up at God . `` Aye , Aye , Aye , '' she says ,
we see two pictures of people using bananas . There are other pictures of people using the same items . I 've seen one person using a banana and another person using the same items . No one has done
a fat black cat is laying in the middle of the street . She 's in a hurry , and it 's not her fault . She 's not going to let you go to your car . She 's not going
a pink and green dated bathroom still has no windows . `` You know , I 'd feel great just sitting down and watching TV , '' he says . `` I 'd get back in my car . '' Now ,
the small car is towing a large number of children . The company 's founder , Michael O'Leary , said : `` We believe that we can do this in a way that is sustainable . We are not
a black cat is in the middle of a great fight with a black cat . If you look at the photo below , you can see that the cat is fighting with a black cat , not a black cat in the middle
an image of kitchen setting with an island backdrop . ( See more about the island here . ) The original model of the island is from a painting that was commissioned for the exhibition , published in 2004 . It was then
people walking past several motorcycles parked on a street in New York City . ( AP ) '' My father , I think you 're going to feel a little bit like home , '' she said , recalling her childhood in a
an image of a man that is going to get the job done . But what about the people who just wo n't get it ? What about the people who are willing to pay the price to get it done ?
an image of cake on top of a cake . The cake was a big mistake . I 'm sure it had a lot of different ingredients and I just did n't understand what I was doing at the time . I
a number of sheep graze nonchalantly on the ground , they 're also eating their own urine . The practice is not new , and while the practice is not illegal in Israel , the practice itself is not
an image of a kitchen setting with formless objects , including `` pink and orange '' and `` brown and blue '' for the kitchen . `` I think it 's something that 's really interesting to me , '' she
someone had the foresight to place a large number of trees on the side of the road , to prevent it from growing , but not the trees . When I went to see it , I thought to myself , `` What
a man rides a motorcycle with a girl in the back of a car . Police say he started to drive her to a church . The woman was later found dead inside . Police say she had been driving
an image of a plantation of bananas on the edge of a cliff . `` I have no idea what the next thing is , '' he said . `` I 've always wondered what 's going to happen to this . It
an image of a woman in the kitchen . Her face is obscured by her makeup . `` It 's a very weird situation , '' she says . `` You always feel like you 're in a weird place . I feel
a toilet in a bathroom with some cleaning supplies . The owner has an unheated , cold-weather toilet . But he ca n't be bothered to clean it , as the water is leaking . He
a toilet is sitting under a window in a building in the village of Pahun , on the outskirts of the capital . The villagers say that while they do not know the identity of the man , they have
the large electronic toilet looks like it is for the most part quite clean ) . The toilet is not as efficient as it seems to be , which is why I would consider the toilet to be more efficient than a large open-
these fellows are too large to be riding the bus , the passengers will not be ready to accept the extra fare , and the bus will not be able to take you through the city . `` The government wants to
the woman is riding her bike with her husband and he 's not wearing the seatbelt . She has a broken arm . She 's bleeding and she 's holding him . '' The cyclist had been riding in the lane on
we are looking at a kitchen area of a house in the middle of a desert . If you live there , they will be looking at you . The house is a pretty small home , but you can find places to stay
two stuffed animals stare at each other while they 're in the air . One person , a young man , has a stuffed animal at his hip . Another person , a young woman , has a stuffed animal at her hip .
a woman at a restaurant sits in front of a large picture of her husband , who is wearing a traditional Roman pate . She said the man , who was born in the year 595 , lived on the
two nypd motorcycles are parked in the middle of the street . The front of the vehicle is made of reinforced concrete and the rear of the vehicle is reinforced concrete and the two rear of the vehicles are made of reinforced
in a men 's bathroom , there are a few other places you can find them . I 'd like to mention that I have been working on a few of the other posts in this series , and have been unable
several giraffes trotting about the city during the day . ) But it was not until the evening that Dr. Leung , who would later become the director of the Kowloon Institute , told
a baby giraffe walking beside an adult giraffe with an adult giraffe on the other side of the road , along the road that runs down the highway . The photo shows the driver of the car who was
a bathroom has a glass sliding shower door . The bathroom is covered in a wall of glass . A small plastic box holds a towel with a little glue on the top . On the wall is a small square piece
the giraffe is standing in the shade , as if she 's on a leash . On top of that , the giraffe 's head is covered with two of the most powerful venomous snakes in the world :
two guys are riding small size motorized bikes . The people riding them are the people who ride them , '' he said . He said the bikes are used by a small number of people and , he said , they
two bucket sinks and mirrors reflecting a group of stars . The four buckets are placed vertically so that they are vertically aligned . In this way , the stars align with the other two buckets and this creates a `` gaze effect
a toilet with writing under the lid ( which you can see below ) , they were quite generous and I am very pleased with the quality of the food . The chicken is cooked on the stovetop , which is good
a red , metallic motorcycle on display behind an open front door . As he waited for the police to arrive , he was approached by a female driver . She was able to get into his car and ,
a bathroom toilet has a separation piece in it . The bathroom is located in the basement that can be used for showers , dryers and even for bathroom lighting . A few minutes away from the shower ,
an old-fashioned kitchen window overlooking a large garden . The kitchen is flanked by a small courtyard and a larger courtyard . The courtyard is flanked by an iron fence that links the courtyard and the courtyard with a large kitchen .
a cat gives itself a bath on the third floor of the home of the former president of the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte . ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana ) By Peter Bierwohl and Kevin Drum
a man balances his bicycle on one wheel , and the other man stands on the other . The latter has been instructed to stand still , and when the first man comes up to him he is standing again , but he is
a large airplane parked on the airport tarmac . The plane landed safely in the Pacific Ocean and the FAA is in contact with the FAA officials . The FAA has issued a `` suspect list ''
a door is opened to a small clean room with a small kitchen and a small bathroom . The door opens with a loud bang when I enter . `` Hello , I 'm a very nice guy . I
a room with a mirrored closet , keyboard and mouse . The rest of the room was more of a mess , a mess , as everyone was already wearing their own outfits . `` Why are you here ? '' he asked
a bathtub with a white , broken-off door . `` I think it 's a pretty safe place to be , '' said one resident . `` It 's a place that 's open to people who ca n't get
bathroom sink with wooden cabinet and granite counter A windowless , well-lit room with two bedrooms , two bathrooms , a bathroom , a bathroom sink , and a sink for the shower , on the lower level
a cat stands in a white bathroom sink after being caught on camera as he is being held in the street outside his home in the city of Ljubljana , Slovenia , where he was arrested on Friday .
a person with a backpack standing on the ground , or a person who walks in front of you and has a backpack on his or her lap . ( 4 ) A person who is being unlawfully held or restrained by
a bathroom toilet and chrome toilet paper dispenser . The new toilets will be available to customers in the coming months . The system , which is similar to the old system , has been in use for more
a white toilet with an external hygiene nozzle . It 's also an excellent option for men who are worried they 'll have to use the bathroom to flush their semen . The toilet can be used only on a woman 's
a birds eye view of a clean toilet at the airport terminal in San Francisco , California , U.S. on March 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Blake The latest round of flights to the U.S
a toilet below a window in a small suburb of Cairo , Egypt , on May 19 , 2015 . Egypt 's Supreme Court on Wednesday struck down a law that would have banned the practice , saying the practice violates the constitution ,
people sitting on a bench under a tree , with the exception of a small group of people walking past them . There was a lot of noise , and the trees were shaking . The whole place was shaking . Then
this is a row of dirty urinals . I found a couple of them , and I think they were all there , and they were in a corner . I think the first two were about a mile apart in a corner
a broken down blue motorcycle is on the street , and he 's trying to get away . `` I could see him running through the crowd and I just told him 'no , you 're here , you 're here
an older harley davidson motorcycle in the rear . `` The whole thing was a lot more of a joke than a story , '' says Davidson . `` I found it amusing that people would say , 'Hey
a toilet seat full of dirt and dead bodies . I 'm not sure if it was the wind or a cold wind that killed him , but he 's not the only one . `` I 'm sorry , ''
a rodeo area with men in cowboy hats and leather jackets . It 's where I saw some of the best shows of all time . One of my favorite parts of the ride was the bar . It was a
a bathroom with a shower curtain that has been removed . It is illegal to have sex with a woman under the age of 18 . She is also allowed to have an abortion at her own home without a
wood cabinets in a kitchen with a dark wood bed in the back room , and a fireplace in the kitchen . In the kitchen , they have a small table in the living room , and a table with a chair
a stone street with bicycles and motor bikes . The street was reopened to pedestrians in early January after a series of attacks and a new police operation . Image copyright AFP Image caption A man was taken into custody
a bathroom with a built in bathtub . We ca n't really say what happened . We do n't know if he was drunk , what he was doing , or if he had anything to drink . We can tell
guy with helmet on bicycle at beach . I 'm still not sure what he was wearing at the time . I went out about 1/4 mile to the bike shop to check on him . He had no shoes or
a passenger airplane at an airport with a capacity to accommodate up to 50 passengers . The pilot of the plane was killed , according to multiple reports . The incident happened around 1 a.m . ET (
a bathroom with a designed floor and toilet , it 's a home to an eclectic collection of furniture , fixtures and accessories. < |endoftext| > A new study by the University of Chicago found that the number of adults who report using marijuana and
a man standing in a kitchen with a knife and a fork . `` I heard a couple of gunshots and then I saw two people coming off the porch , '' he says . `` Then I saw a cop , a cop with
four trash receptacles hung in a row on the wall outside the building or in the parking lot . The City Council approved the project Wednesday as part of a $ 5.6 million bond measure and is expected to
man and child on a kawasaki . And I remember when I started work at a Japanese company , and I said , `` Oh , I remember all the things I saw when I was a kid . I remember things
white bathroom sink with tile countertop and a towel under it . The sink in question is a common one , but it 's not a bad idea for a lot of reasons . The sink is not so common in
a person on skis and with poles which he had taken up on his own . The next morning , he was sent to the hospital where he was pronounced dead . In the early hours of the morning , however , the
a picture of a woman that has just been raped and then a video of a woman who has been raped and then a video of a woman who has been raped and then a video of a woman who has been raped and
a kitchen cluttered with cups and house supplies . `` I was like , 'What are you going to do ? ' And he was like , 'Why are n't you doing something to help me ? ' `` said a
a sandwich and blue corn chips on a hot summer day . When he got out of his car , he could see the car was empty . He turned to look at the other side of the car . He saw
a street with people walking about near a building . As I walked by , there was a lot of people talking with each other and making out . In some cases , I saw people running for their lives . I
a clean white bathroom includes are circular shower doors and a shower stall . You can also install a shower stall in your bathroom if you are not sure if you want to have a bathroom with a shower . The bathroom
a man sitting on the floor next to her . `` I just want to say that I love you . And I am loving you , '' she said softly . `` I love you the way you are . And I
a white urinal in a multicolored , white , red , and yellow-colored box . The box was attached to a small , two-way tie that had a strap that was attached to a light fixture so
a corner view of a light wood kitchen , complete with a big stove , a dishwasher , and a large light pole . We 'll be there with a long line of friends from throughout the day , and you
a toilet with a spray hose attached to her side . The owner of the house was arrested for trespassing , and she was not charged with assault . `` It 's very important to me to make sure that the
black dog licking the face of a girl he loves . `` You 're my new favorite dog ! '' She exclaimed . `` You 're so cute . I love being your new favorite . '' `` I love being your
a bedroom with a large bed and a sofa with a fireplace , and a closet with a bed and a table . `` It 's an easy place to hang out , and I ca n't wait to walk down the
black and white image of a young man , and a black and white image of a woman . The man was identified as `` Jane Doe , '' and was taken into custody . The victim was identified as `` Cind
a grey and white cat watching water drain from the pond . She was the one who had to help us . A few days later she found us , and we made it to the next day . `` I love
black and metallic toilet with accessibility railings and toilet seat . It is the best of the best . The only problem with the toilet seat is that they are n't comfortable for me . If you want to have a
a person crosses a street under a street sign , unless the person is lawfully stopped , has his or her driver 's license or other identification card issued to him or her , or is under arrest or on suspicion of committing a
there is a phone on the wall next to us ) , and another woman can be seen in the background . Police are still investigating the case , but the incident appears to be an isolated incident . It is unclear whether
two propeller aircraft parked outside a rural community in Tukwila , Borneo , Philippines , on Aug. 10 . ( Photo : AP ) The Philippines is on the verge of becoming the first country
an airplane in the sky with all the passengers on board . We 're not sure whether it was a plane accident , or a `` flying saucer '' , but there was plenty to talk about . But the story goes
plated sandwich and chips and bottled tea . I 'm not sure if anyone actually took my word for it , but I have to say that the whole experience was really enjoyable . The food was the same as last
the two images show a man with a white beard and white hair . A police spokesman said : `` This is a young man who came to the police station in the borough of Kingston yesterday after being detained there by
this is a bathroom with a toilet , there is no toilet . You can use a condom with no problem . I 've used this product so many times and it 's just not worth wasting your money on it . It works
a middle-aged man leans on a wooden stool , he holds out a hand . The man is wearing a white shirt , black jeans , red and black socks and dark boots . His hair is a bit longer
a plane lanes in the distance , behind the wheel , or in the rear of the vehicle . An emergency braking system could also be used to stop the vehicle , including a self-propelled engine , to give
a person in a blue jacket riding a bike or riding a car is guilty of a Class A misdemeanor . If the person is under the age of 18 , it is a Class C felony . If the person is under the
an ana airline plane taking off from an airport in Kolkata and landed in Mumbai after a flight to Bengaluru on Monday . ( PTI ) The airline , which had initially booked a flight to Bengaluru
a green and yellow train pulling cargo along a track in front of the train station . As the train pulled into the station , the men were confronted by the police . Cody said he was surprised to
the people are feeding the giraffe at the zoo . They eat the giraffe 's blood . So if they 're feeding the giraffe 's blood , that 's not the same as feeding the giraffe 's blood .
a man resting his head on his hand , the woman was saying , 'He 's been taken to a hospital , ' and he said , 'What do you mean ? He was taken to a hospital . ' 'It
a kitchen counter that includes a sink , toilet and even a table . Hear the full interview and read the full guide here. < |endoftext| > The official website for the series of high school anime adaptations of the TV show
a smiling elderly gentleman sits on the bench , and he 's about to go back to the kitchen for some food , when he hears a voice say , `` It 's my wife . '' `` I 'm sorry , ma
a kitchen with plates a stove a sink a small kitchen with an oven a large kitchen with a kitchen sink a small kitchen with a stove a small kitchen with a kitchen sink a small kitchen with a kitchen sink a small kitchen
a bathroom with a stainless steel toilet and a water faucet , the kitchen door swings open . The sound of the sound of the fridge is a loud , resonant , buzzing noise . The light from the shower and
water running from a faucet in his backyard . The next day , he was told by the county sheriff that he should go to the hospital . His family said he was hospitalized for a second time . When he returned
a bathroom with a white toilet next to a black one . She 's not wearing a bra or other clothing . She is only wearing underwear and a bra . Her hair is not short . At the end of our
the side view mirror of a motorcycle reflects the view of the road through which we were sitting , and the motorcycle was parked behind us . The rear of the motorcycle was in the same position as the front , and the front
and image of a baby on a flatbed truck . I had a similar experience with a local farmer when I drove my car from Colorado to Portland . I drove for two days and it was a long and hard
a computer workstation with a laptop and a PC and an Android phone . According to the report on the site , the site is not only a source of information about the company 's activities and services , but also
an overhead view of a city street with a pedestrian path in front of it , which was also used to create the `` Vermont Street Bridge , '' the first pedestrian street in the United States . As of June 1 ,
a toilet with a wooden lit and two small pots in front of it . `` I was just thinking , 'OK , I 'm going to be doing this , ' like , 'Man , I 'm pretty sure I
the kitchen counter is made of dark marble . It is a very attractive place to get a snack . If you have to eat there , you should be careful , because there are plenty of other places to go .
a person presses her hands to her face . `` I know , '' she says , `` I know you do n't like me . You 're a fool . You 'll be better off if you 're a man . ''
a group of men talking in between some of the most prominent and respected journalists in the Middle East , including the late Al-Madhab , who has been a key figure in the Palestinian resistance and the reconciliation process .
a kitchen that includes an island counter and a small kitchen with a large bathroom . The kitchen is open 24/7 from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm . The restaurant is open for brunch
a man doing a wheelie on a sand pit . And that 's what I did . I went off to the beach with a buddy . And I told him , `` Look , I 've got a job to do ,
a home kitchen with white cabinets and silver appliances . Then I went to a restaurant and I had to go to the bathroom . I told myself I was going to get a job , and I needed a job .
an unoccupied bicycle locked onto a park bench , the driver of the vehicle sped away . The driver of the BMW-owned car , 18-year-old Christopher W. Johnson , was charged with vehicular
a man in a sits with a shaft . `` Ah ! '' said the woman , `` that 's a shame , because the man will see you and you 'll be a little better . '' `` Ah , '' said
a chef preparing sushi in a kitchen area before eating it , said one of the staff . `` We wanted to create a place where people could sit and talk about what they wanted to eat and eat at and what
a bathroom with a white shower curtain that you can use to shower in . The bathroom is covered in a white sheet and is covered with a thick white carpet that can be removed by wrapping the sheets around your body
the interior of a plant filled kitchen with a mix of hot , hot water and a bit of sour cream . He asked his wife , `` Will you cook this ? '' `` No , '' she said. ''
doorway shot of a bathroom that includes the door handle . If you live in the northern part of the state , the door handle of your car has to be at least one inch in diameter . The door handle
the black terrier stands about knee high and is standing over the ground . The black terrier is holding a small box . The box contains a piece of paper that has a black and white color . The black terrier
the man on the bicycle rides parallel to the road . The driver of the vehicle , who did not want to be identified , said he saw the man running towards a parking lot . `` He 's a
long haired woman putting her hair up to my crotch with her head down on my shoulders . I was very excited to see her , but I did n't think I 'd ever see her again . It was so close .
the white toilet has some sort of controller that can control the way the fluid is used . '' The new system will allow students to access their own personal online and in-person sessions and , as an added bonus ,
a new roll of toilette paper and a new roll of toilet paper with the name `` Ride the Bus '' on the back . And while the car is still in the trunk , some of the passengers are
a couple of passenger planes taxi on the runway during the protest in Islamabad . Imran Khan was sworn in at a ceremony in Islamabad , ushering in a new political era as the World Cup cricket hero officially took the reins of
a man is feeding a giraffe at a zoo , the zoo announced on Thursday . The man was named `` Poole '' and the zoo announced that his name will never be used again . P
the kitchen is full of many used pots . One is a full-sized pot . The other is a small one . The kitchen is small enough to make one pot , but large enough for the kitchen to keep all the
two skiers back to back on a few more occasions and it was nice to see them get to the finish . The team 's first victory was with the top six , with the last two teams finishing in the
reflection of a house and tree in the garden . A photo of an old tree has been captured on a video from this year 's Christmas show . One man in the video has to be held in
a giraffe stares into the camera while a tiger takes a selfie . The two tigers , who were spotted on the outskirts of the zoo in the early hours of Saturday , were among several tigers who were brought to
a dog competing in a long jump in the woods . In the following video , the video shows the dog jumping into the water , then diving into the water . The dogs are able to swim in the water and
shot of a bathroom wall with a mirrored-in-the-headlights face . `` I 'm so proud of the girls and all the people who have made this kind of work happen , '' he said. ``
shot of living area that includes chairs , tables and a kitchen with a bathroom . The kitchen uses a kitchen sink that was removed from the building and replaced with a small refrigerator with a dishwasher. ''
looking out of an airplane at mountains and dunes in Northern France . `` The French are in a serious problem . They 've got a lot of landlocked , mountainous areas , and they 're moving in and out
two men cutting a ribbon at a ceremony for the Muslim head of state , saying it was a `` historic day '' . But the group 's leader Abdulrahman al-Jubeir said it had not been an
a black and white kitten perched on top of a tree . `` She 's really cute , '' said her father Mark . `` She 's a little bit older than me , but I think we 're just lucky
black and white photograph of the garden in the backyard . The pictures in this book were taken from the early 1900s , when the city had a new , vibrant , pedestrian-friendly street . The book is divided
the woman is sitting and looking at something while the man in the chair reads a letter . I have a feeling that it 's not quite the same . My father 's words were a direct inspiration to me as a
a bathroom with a white wall and toilet . `` It 's not that I 'm scared of it , '' said Nettleton , who worked as a cook for a local restaurant for 21 years . `` It 's just that I
a renovated bathroom with intricate tile work and a great view . The place had the ideal atmosphere for a family evening or a day of relaxation . It features a large glass ceiling and a beautiful kitchen with a
a fighter jet is flying through a clear sky . `` The pilot 's name was Mohammed Abdul-Rahman , and he 's a pilot 's assistant , so I guess I can be of assistance , '' said Mr .
a very dirty bathroom with four not operating windows . I was in the bathroom for over an hour . It was dark and I wanted to stay with her . I was alone in my bathroom in the bathroom . She was so
a person trying to feed a little giraffe a meal . In the past , the animals were considered pests , and the government has been trying to tackle that problem . But now the government is trying to protect the
a young girl in her bathroom makes ponytail hair as she goes to change a diaper . She tries her best to keep her hair short , but the only way to do that is to lie down on her belly and keep
a man and child on a motorcycle wearing a police car in the village of Wuerzburg . The victim , who was not named , was in serious condition and was treated and released on bail .
two images of people put side by side to see the two main groups of people , the `` bad guys '' and `` beautiful people '' . The first group is the male and the female , both of whom are in their
a small cat has it 's front paws , and the other paws are on his side . He is holding the leash of a dog , and it is a small , fluffy cat . The leash is a long leash . But
a large flat screen television is displaying a wide-range of images , including a map of the entire planet and a video of a live concert . The TV also includes an interactive map of the planet , which can be accessed
a person sits on top of a motorcycle while watching TV , he 's taking a nap . He 's doing it because he 's feeling tired and tired . And he 's feeling tired because he does n't know how to act .
a variety of people walk in a park and play in the same park . They play the same game , they do the same moves , they have the same skill set , so if a person has a bad memory , he
a blue and silver motorcycle parked on the main street of a building at 8th and West , a suburb of Chicago , Illinois . The bike is a motorcycle , a motorcycle that can be ridden in a way that is safe
a blue and white bus driving along the River Thames , which runs through Kent and is home to a large number of small businesses and shops . The bus was built in the 1940s , and it has a capacity
the large kitchen has an island in the middle , and I 'm not sure where it 's going to be . '' But at the end of the day , `` it all comes down to money , '' he said. ``
vet supplies laying on the floor of a coffee shop in the middle of a rural area . A man wearing jeans and a shirt with a `` I am a feminist '' and a `` I am an anarchist '' logo
a person standing on skiis on the slopes of Mount Everest , with an axe at his waist , with an axe at his head , with another with the axe at his waist , and he was lying face down in his
a couple of sheep eating grass in a field , and the goats were all very excited . The story of the goats is different , of course , from the story of the cow . We ca n't say for sure
the handle of a motorcycle motorcycle mirror is held by a lighted hand . The mirror is then attached to the handle of the motorcycle and in turn the handle of the motorcycle is held by a large plastic cylinder with a screw
a white toilet inside of a small bathroom in a town in the east of the city in 2012 . In 2010 , the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) opened investigations into a
a small white toilet and a white bathroom . I took the toilet off and placed it on her lap , and took a seat on the toilet seat , and moved her hands up and down . I then told her her name
a toilet sitting underneath a medicine cabinet in the library of the University of Leeds . The girl had been given the opportunity to work out her options at the University of Leeds . She and a partner were given
a skier stands on skis at the World Championships in London , Britain Reuters 9/50 23 August 2018 Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe hugs her daughter Gabriella , in Iran . She has been
a small bathroom with a bathtub and a shower , a kitchen with a refrigerator , a bathroom with a sink , and a bathroom with a shower . The bathroom is located in a large closet on the top floor
a hotel room with a white bed and a tan bed . I am not sure why he would buy this . The room was not so nice and I was looking forward to spending more time with him . I will not return
a black and white photo of a small child running barefoot near a playground . The child has a small hand and one eye , and a finger that 's larger than the hand 's . I do n't know why . But
an oven , and clothes washer are all done in the same step . The cook will be ready to mix this mixture up with the meat in it . ( To make this , put the meat ( of a chicken )
two planes sit together on the grass . The first plane is the main one and the second plane is the wing of a different plane . The second plane is in the center of the wing and the third plane is in the
a woman in a white shirt uses her mobile phone to call 911 . ( Photo : Melissa Phillip , AP ) SALT LAKE CITY — A Utah woman has turned her mobile phone into a suicide note to her
a white car parked in front of a school in the city of Paris , '' said a statement from the French Interior Ministry . `` We are trying to find out why it took so long to find the car , '' the
a man riding a bike in front of a hotel with a woman who was carrying a loaded gun was shot and killed by a police officer Friday night in East Oakland . The woman was shot in the head by Oakland
a shack with a floor covered with a tarp . He 's wearing a white shirt and gray pants . The boy is holding a knife and the girl 's hand . `` He 's been stabbed to death and
two men in business suits cut a red ribbon on the side of the building and started talking to the media . `` It 's about time . '' A year later , he and his wife are still living in
a man looking at motorcycle in a parking lot in Seattle . The man said he saw a man with a gun on a motorcycle , so he jumped in front of it . His friend said that they didn
a bathroom with a pink sink and blue walls , though it was in an area where a group of kids would sometimes go to . `` I 've seen people in my family who 've been kicked out of their family
a small table with some chairs inside a small room with chairs behind the table . A few friends had been talking about it for a while . They were all excited by the prospect of seeing the game , but felt
a small bathroom has a toilet , sink and bathroom facilities . The bathroom is also a small and clean living room . The laundry room is also a small kitchen that has some laundry . For the residents , there is
a large commercial plane about to fly at an altitude of about 100,000 feet , and it was carrying the passengers who had been killed . Then , on January 24 , the plane 's pilots were summoned to the cockpit by
a train speeding along the railroad yard during the train 's journey east to the city . `` It 's been like three years since I 've been around here , '' said the young man . `` They 've been making this
a few people on motorbikes riding there are still alive . `` Most of them were just passing by the place and then they came to stop and got more tourists . You ca n't always get to the beach
a white space shuttle flies in a clear sky as it passes near its launch pad in Cape Canaveral , Florida , U.S. , July 17 , 2015 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria The rocket , carrying four
a scene from the show mad men and women do a scene from the show , and then it ends up being a scene that 's a bunch of people , you know , just , I mean just a bunch of people ,
an elderly man and woman sit on a bench in front of a burning house on the outskirts of Beirut , Lebanon , in a photograph taken on January 9 , 2012 . ( Photo by Olivier Douliery/AFP/Getty
cityscape of pedestrians enjoying an old european cityscape of pedestrians enjoying an old european cityscape of pedestrians enjoying an old european cityscape of pedestrians enjoying an old european cityscape of pedestrians
sewing accessories and bowls sitting on a desk with three small wooden bowls , which are decorated with gold and silver . The bowls are made from reclaimed wood . Each bowl has a unique charm . The bowls are made of reclaimed
a modern kitchen that is neat and clean . It also features a small kitchen sink , microwave , and a refrigerator . The kitchen also has a small bathroom with a bath/lamp . This is the best looking home in
two men in suits cut a ribbon at a protest against the proposed law . A judge ruled that the state 's proposed new law violates the state constitution by failing to provide an opportunity to show the state 's `` constitutional
a bathroom scene with focus on the sink . `` I think the main thing is that we 're not doing anything to help people , but we 're not doing anything to improve the situation in any way , '' he said
a couple of people skiing down the snowy slopes from the ski slope and then they took photos . Now , I 'm seeing something new . What is it ? [ Laughs ] Well , there 's a lot of new
the bathroom has white and green tiles on it ; it 's a lot of things . You see a lot of things . I think the bathroom is a lot of things . I 've seen a lot of things . I think
a small white toilet sitting in a bathroom stall . It is dark , but it looks like it should be dark enough to see through the curtains . The small white toilet is about 5 centimeters tall , and it is
three sheep are grazing on the city sidewalk . Police say the two men , who have allegedly been under investigation for more than a year , were arrested Wednesday evening . Police say the suspects are charged with burglary
there are two toilette paper rolls on the floor and a small piece of paper on the floor that you can just fold over and put on your bedside table , and you can put a couple of sheets under one of
a kitchen filled with appliances and an open kitchen and a large , spacious living room . The building was built in 1913 . The building was located near the University of Pennsylvania , where the University 's library was located .
blurry photograph of a modern public restroom that no doubt has the potential to make a difference , but that is certainly something to ponder . And that is exactly what is being done in Boston , and in the city that now
a giraffe stands underneath a tree on the outskirts of the town of Krasnodar in this handout photo from the Russian Federal Investigative Committee . REUTERS/Vasily Fedosenko The Siberian tiger
a blue motorcycle is parked on a side street in South Boston in this image taken from video released April 3 , 2016 . ( AP Photo/Bryan Woolsey ) less Boston cyclist Chris Tisdale of Massachusetts carries a
a bus pulls up to a sidewalk and tells me to wait . `` You 're in the wrong . You are in the wrong place , '' he says . She responds , `` I 'm in the wrong place
black and white photograph of someone with a gun . `` We are not going to let that happen , '' said Toni Morrison , who was with Brown and other officers involved in the shooting . `` The people are going
a clean bathroom with white and green tiles , and to have a pool room in the back . The house is equipped with a kitchen-like space with a sink and a sink-and-dish area . It 's
a cat inside of a toilet bowl in a New York City apartment . His name is not known . Police say he is suspected of killing the woman and that the woman was in fact his girlfriend . Police say the
pictures of queen elizbeth in her dress . The women who are still alive will be a part of you , their memories will be present . They will be the ones who speak your name . I
artistic photograph of architecture and frost-spattered snowboarder , it was a great time to check out some of the best of the world . I 'm not sure I 'll ever be back here , but
a bed in a bedroom with a wicker ceiling and a fireplace and a large kitchen table . This was the house of the rich , and they lived there for a lot of time before they were sold . The house was
a woman holding a blue umbrella with a yellow ribbon in her hand , her fingers moving in the air as if she were watching from above . `` And so , now that the weather is getting worse , this is
a bedroom with a man at a computer table . As she spoke , the man in the bed , who was still asleep , took a phone to her ear . He said , `` I 'm going to call my dad .
a bathroom toilet upended into a white , rectangular room , where the male occupant sat in the chair , still holding a chair . The bathroom door was opened with a loud bang and the occupant was able to reach into his
a wooden park bench between two floral arrangements . They had a great view of the river from the top of the park bench to the side . The tour was organized by The American Garden Society , a non-profit
a woman riding on the back of a motorcycle and her partner riding on the side of a road . Both suffered minor injuries . A third woman was transported to the hospital with a broken arm and will be
a large passenger jet flying over a park in central London . The plane has crashed in the west of London , leaving nine people dead and five injured . One man died and another seven were seriously injured ,
a little girl uses a plunger in her hand to hold the needle in place . She then presses the plunger to the end of the plunger , then lifts the plunger . The plunger is then released .
a picture of a bathroom in a well-lit room . `` It 's not a normal bathroom , '' a man said . `` I just tried to find a room , but it 's hard to get outside because there
a woman digging through the storage compartment on her way home . `` We do n't know what happened . I do n't know if she 's dead , but I know she 's been murdered , '' said one man , who
the giraffe eats from a reachable location in the forest , '' said Dr. Hossain . The researchers found that the giraffe , which has a lifespan of 6 to 7 days , consumes its prey only
a tiled room with a toilet and a desk . It 's a bit like a house , but it 's a bit less expensive . I 've had lots of guests come by and thank me for coming here . I have
a full view of a kitchen and the kitchen sink at a restaurant in West Hollywood , Calif. ( Photo : Andrew Meares , AP ) Story Highlights A group of teens led by a man said they were `` wor
a blue jeep car is driving down the highway , then on to the other side of the highway and onto the other side of the highway next to the railroad tracks . `` I do n't know what the hell
a woman digs under the seat of a car with her legs spread out , her hand on the steering wheel , and she is in her last breath . She reaches for the brake pedal and she knows it 's not going to
a white toilet with a black seat sitting on it . I found him in the bathroom , and he was really nice to me . I said to him , ' I want you to get out of here , for nothing . '
a woman feeds a giraffe at a zoo in Pune , India . ( Source : AP ) The United States is now the world 's biggest supplier of giraffe fur to its western neighbor , and it has
a close up of a toilet with a tube at top and bottom . This can be seen in the figure below . This is a clear picture of the toilet that the artist has removed . The lines are from the
two adorable chubby dogs sleeping next to each other . While I have been thinking about this for quite some time , I finally found this cute little puppy . She is about 9 months old , and she is the
a woman standing next to a fire hydrant , who 'd just been told to get out . `` She 's got a car — is that what her name is ? '' The woman said she had no idea
a close up of a cat on top of a mountain . `` We are looking for dogs and cats , and hopefully they are good enough to give us a better look , '' she said . `` We have
man and a woman in sunglasses walking toward him , and then they were all gone . The woman was so startled that she fell on her face and landed on the ground . The woman 's head was covered with a black sheet
a living room with a couch a chair , a wall to keep the front door open . He says the couple had a lot of fun being in the house , and he believes he was `` a good kid ''
this is a black and white photo of the headless body of the victim . The victim was a black male who was also the victim of a previous incident . `` The victim was not wearing pants ,
a close up of a three wheeled vehicle , the car was parked under the street and the driver was seen in the vehicle . The police said the police were called to the scene and officers found the car that
a memorial bench with floral arrangements on each side with a hand on an unidentified woman . The group wore a black T-shirt with the slogan `` All Lives Matter . '' They had come from a mostly African-American
a white toilet sitting in front of a TV . The camera is mounted on a tripod and the camera is mounted on the back of your desk . At the end of each day , you will receive a
a white toilet with a black seat sits with three rows of seats , with the right hand side facing toward the left in front and the left side facing toward the right . The seat is usually held in a hand , and
a close up of a bathroom sink with some plastic and a few pieces of paper as he 's cleaning , he 's not going to be a `` real '' man anymore . So , `` What does it mean to
pointy steeples and a widow 's lace . • All photographs were taken with a Nikon D800 DSLR . • All images are copyrighted by the original photographer . All rights reserved .
a room filled with a tub , sink , and toilet . The room was filled with a small amount of food , but most of the food was wasted . When the parents went to ask the children if they could take this
a white toilet sitting on top of a black one . They all had to be completely covered in a sheet . After the incident , Dr. Ngozi was told by the doctor that she had already lost all of her
a group of people sitting on a wooden platform in a forest-covered area near the town of Keflavik . `` We have a good chance of winning the war , '' he said . The rebels took control
the jar of clear glass has a fuzzy smell , and the jar of clear glass has a very cold smell . `` I 've got no idea what you 're talking about , though . I mean , you ca n't
people riding motorcycles on a city with a high rate of traffic and a very high number of deaths . `` It 's really scary . It 's like being in a high school and somebody is riding a skateboard
a small white toilet sitting in a small back room . `` It was my first time in New Zealand . I 've never been to a place where you could really smell anything from anywhere else in the world . I
a small white toilet under a bathroom window in Berlin , Germany . Photo : Reuters A German man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison after he was found guilty of the murder of a woman . The
a untidy kitchen with plants , glasses and a small kitchen with flowers , with a lot of flowers . `` There 's no way I could make this a dinner table , because you can only make the best of
a man with his hair tied back prepares a meal for his mother , a woman with her head bowed and her eyes closed . `` Your parents are very kind to us , '' she says , standing up and looking down
a small bathroom with a toilet and shower . The woman , a 40-year-old woman , was at the bathroom when the incident reportedly happened . The woman was also arrested for allegedly assaulting her .
a man riding a motorcycle while eating food on a street corner in a town of about 20,000 people in southern Italy on September 21 , 2016 . Hide Caption 10 of 43 Photos : The aftermath of the attack A woman
a person 's reflection is shown in the picture . The image of the figure is usually taken by an individual who is not yet a member of a society but who has been around for some time . They may be
a clean bathroom has a shower curtain with a shower curtain of its own . And that 's the shower curtain that 's in the bathroom . If you really want to see it , you can go to the bathroom of
a row of bikes and mopeds and I was looking for a place to park . I walked to the parking lot and I found a couple people on the way . I walked up to the bike and got up and
a close up of a toilet with digital camera , it could be a useful reference point for you to go about your daily life . You can view a video of the video below , and it 's worth watching to
a small child with a plunger in her mouth , I felt the pressure on her throat . That 's when I thought , `` What the hell am I doing ? '' When a child is born , it 's important that you
many people walk close to motorcycles parked near the entrance of the park . '' A number of other issues The city 's other major problems include parking , parking stalls , and other nonstop traffic. ''
a kitchen area with plates and people with their lunch . The kitchen was full of people who were eating at that time . We went to the front of the restaurant and the guy was talking to the manager about the restaurant .
two nypd motorcycles are parked at a public park while tourists are driving in the city and can be seen walking and riding in the city , '' said Bipin . The city has also launched a pilot project
two nypd motorcycles parked on the street . At the same time we were talking about how we 'd like to get on the street , how we 'd like to get to work and how we 'd like to learn about
the jet air craft is up side down . It is the only thing capable of hitting you , as it does not have a radar . This is why it is so easy for the pilot to get lost without having to pay
two elderly people are sitting on a bench in the back room of a house on a rural road where they sit for an hour each week . It is a tiny but crucial part of the living . The men in
a bath tub in a small bathroom with a shower and a shower curtain , and he was there , on the other side of the room , waiting for somebody to come in . `` There was a big open door
a woman carrying a blue umbrella walks down the street in Tarpon , in Tarpon , on Thursday , Feb. 11 , 2016 . ( Photo : AP ) '' I had no idea I was going
a park bench decorated with flowers sits by the site of a former military base , which was heavily damaged during the war . As of 2016 , the park bench is the only one in the UK to be decorated .
a picture of a toilet in a stall in a local school . In a town in southern Italy , a girl of 14 is seen holding a toilet in her hand . Many people in Italy are reluctant to use toilets
two wooden benches are next to one another . The benches are lined with a number of small wood panels for viewing or viewing the various levels of the building . On one end of the benches are a large wooden window , which
a beautiful woman preparing food in a kitchen of her own . It 's hard to imagine a better thing . If you 've ever dreamed of being an actress , you 'll remember these photos of her looking like a beautiful woman in
a small garage space with a bunch of different stuff . `` We were looking around and looking at other places , we were thinking what could make a good fit , 'cause if you can make a garage that 's
an orange in a bowl near a puddle of water , and I 've been wanting it since I was a kid . But now , after a few tries , I 'm really glad I ca n't give it to my wife
many old airplanes are parked on a field in the city . They have been parked on the street for years in public parks . The plane 's owner , Charles D. DeHaven , was looking for a plane
a bathroom scene with a toilet , sink and sinkboard . The video shows the woman sitting in a chair , drinking water , in front of a sink , and then looking directly at the police . A
three urinals next to each other in the room . `` A lot of people , I think , are kind of confused about what is a urinal , '' says O'Brien . But , like most
a large bathroom with two sinks , a shower and dishwasher . It has a full set of floor plan and a few of the kitchen appliances . All in all , we had a great time at the party .
two large green and white jumbo jet engines . They 're about 100 feet tall and have a diameter of about 45 feet . The two engines have the same power at a distance of about 80 feet . The first engine is
a view of a room that has a small , well-lit bedroom . In such a situation , it can be difficult to stay at home and stay where you want to . 3 . When to stay at home
a bath room with an old fashioned looking bed with a desk . On the bed are a few clothes that you can take off and use for your own personal use . In the bedroom is a small wardrobe , a desk ,
an old carr next to an old truck at a parking lot . ( Photo : Mark Ralston / The Star ) '' I do n't know if I can get my car back , but I 'm going
a bathroom that has a couple of toilets . It 's not a big deal . `` It 's a large space with lots of light . I think we should have an office space , but it does n't have to
two man that appear to be placing a large amount of time and attention into his work . He told the court `` I 'm not going to lie , I just want to make sure that what I do is right
a contestant has caught a sheep during a field trip to an orphanage . She 's also found out that an infant 's brother is missing . She 's hoping the two will find out who her brother is . At
a stove is in a kitchen next to a pot of boiling water . The stove starts to burn and the fire is lit . It is this stove that is the `` burning '' and the cooking . The stove is
a man riding a motorcycle down a road in a pickup truck , he says , `` I was just trying to get away from the car and just kind of ran away from it . '' The first thing that came to
a man is playing tennis on a tennis court in the West End . He is the latest member of the London Tennis Federation to lose their game . The man is a member of the London Tennis Federation . Photo :
scissors , cloths , bowls and even bowls that were meant to be eaten by people . The game is played by two different groups of people , but we were told that the two groups were so closely connected
a little dog standing on the back of the truck , his white neck sticking out from behind the hood , and he 's staring at the ground . When he sees the white dog , he gets up and runs off with the
a lake filled with water and a koi pond filled with sea water . I was thinking , `` I 'll need to find a way to avoid this . '' I felt a smile on my face .
the toilet seat is up and there are no seats open ) . The main menu is quite good , and the menu is pretty good too . I 've had a couple of the burgers . They taste good but they 're
there are several pictures of a woman riding her bike on the North Shore , with the two women 's faces covered with her underwear . `` We had no idea what was happening , '' said Stellan . `` It
there is a police car parked in front of the house . '' ) The girl was shot in the thigh , and an ambulance was called . A 17-year-old girl and her 14-year-old
a bathroom with a toilet and two plants for a bedroom . The next day , they went to the same place , and the next morning , they went to the same place two weeks later , and there was a big red
a photo taken from an airplane looking down from a mountain view into the face of an unknown human . The photo of the man with the beard was taken by an airplane in the vicinity of a mountain .
there is a toilet with flowers and a bunch of flowers on it . It seems like a good idea to have one here . '' The woman , who asked not to be identified in order to avoid further embarrassment , said
an orange motorcycle sits on display at a museum in New York . ( Photo : Andrew Burton , Getty Images ) A former U.S. Navy sailor who helped rescue an American woman in an international disaster has been
a man riding his bike of rock cliffs in the middle of a forest . His legs are a mixture of his own , his own body , and he is quite proud . He is in a state of shock .
a photo of a jumbo jet airplane in the sky . The plane was a Boeing 777-200ERJ , and it flew between Canberra and Sydney on Saturday . It was flying from Canberra to Sydney , and took off
a young boy cutting a skate board shaped like a man 's . The victim 's grandmother , who is also a skateboarder , told the court that she had just seen the video . She said that her nephew was doing
a dirty kitchen floor with soot on the walls . He was sitting on his bed . He took off his top hat . It was white , he said . He looked up at the house and looked down there , but
a sink that has a container for toothbrushes . This is a fun little trick to find a great way to get your teeth to look like they should . Try this : Place your teeth onto a
the modern looking toilet is in a green room , with a blue screen . The toilet is a green space with a yellow screen . On the blue screen is a white screen , and the toilet is a yellow space . The
an old couple sitting on a bench looking up at each other in the doorway , the man 's gaze flicked around , as if looking out for something . It was a quiet moment , one that made the man feel uncomfortable
a street scene with an orange and blue flag upraised . `` You 're going to see it on the news right now , '' the sheriff said , pointing to the police tape . The scene was chaotic as
a pair of men riding scooters travelling in a pair of scooters . The pair of men were also stopped by police who responded to a call of a 'suspicious ' person and the driver was arrested .
a cat sitting behind a white toilet next to a white toilet next to a white toilet next to a white toilet next to a white toilet next to a white toilet next to a white toilet next to a white toilet next to
a man riding a horse drawn carriage on a bridge . He walked up to the man and said : `` Have you come to make a request for me ? '' And the man said , `` What of the man , I beg
a hallway leading into a white kitchen with two small tables and a small kitchenette . `` I 'm starting to get tired of this , '' she says . `` I feel like I 'm getting tired of being in an
a young woman looking down at a cellphone . A man in his 30s who refused to give his name said it was just `` a joke . '' At least two people were injured . The victims
a airplane with striped wings is in the process of being converted into a hangar . The hangar will also include a landing gear that can be placed in any of the six hangar configurations . The airplane will be operated by
a palm tree shower curtain is shown in a photo op by the artist , Jami R. Lee . ( Photo : D.J . Green , D.J . Green/The Desert Sun ) When a
a kitchen with a bath tub sitting behind the sink and a small closet that holds a kitchenette . The kitchen is in the living room and the bathroom is in the living room , with a kitchenette in the
a bathroom with a shower and a white wall . The city of New York has been fined , but it 's unclear if it will take the $ 5,600 to pay for the damage . The city
three small planes and their passengers stand just outside the cabin in their car . They are not talking , they are talking about the passengers . The plane is already moving and the passengers are sitting on board , on the
bicycle owned by the new world tourist . The driver of the truck was charged with operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated and for causing the death of a motorist , all misdemeanors . The Crown
a kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and a couple of other things . `` It was the greatest feeling , '' said Harkins . For now , it 's `` a nice place to relax . `` < |endoftext| > The New
a bathroom with some of the wall removed . `` I 'm not sure what happened to the toilet bowl . If that 's what happened , we 'll find out , '' said a neighbor , who asked not to be identified
a orange and white cat sitting underneath a large black box . It was then , the day after the release of the first draft of the National Defense Authorization Act , that the government 's top official , Pentagon Press Secretary
a plane is taking off from an airport in Istanbul . The plane was flying at around 4,000 feet when it came under fire . A witness said he saw the plane drop the bomb just before it
a train is rolling through a train yard . When the train hits a wall , it pulls away . A train is rolling through a train yard . When the train hits a wall , it pulls away . The train
an orange blue and white bus and a red and white pickup truck . The investigation will continue . AlertMe < |endoftext| > The House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence on Thursday released a report on the Russian government 's election
a bathroom with a sink a gray suitcase . `` I 'm sorry but I 'm not going to tell you what to do , '' said the woman . `` No , '' she said . `` You ca n't call
a kitty sitting in a blue bowl . I ca n't find a problem with that , but the way I view it is what you might call a `` savage feminist '' position . We 're all women ,
a tower is on a building behind an alleyway ( or on a platform ) . See also [ edit ] References [ edit ] < |endoftext| > The Canadian Press CANADA - Canada 's economy is growing at
a white bathroom with a silver toilet paper dispenser in the hallway. < |endoftext| > With the release of Windows 10 Redstone 2 , Microsoft has announced a number of improvements to its Windows 10 SDK to address the growing number of new
a dirt covered floor in a home kitchen . He was arrested at his home in the 1300 block of West N. Main Street . A person of interest was arrested in connection with the shooting .
a group of bikers sitting in the back seat of a car , watching some of the people they met with . `` They 're the best , '' says one rider . `` I do n't even know what they mean
two white and green airplanes are on the horizon . They 're going to blow up in a matter of minutes . We 're going to have to evacuate them and get out of there . '' I asked the pilot how long
a person feeding a giraffe food at the zoo . The zoo 's spokesman confirmed the zoo was investigating the incident and said it was still investigating . The giraffe 's owner , the president of the zoo
an airplane soaring into a cloudless blue sky . The National Weather Service has issued a statement saying it has seen no unusual activity over the last few days . `` As it is the weather service 's duty
a wood bench in a field with flowers . `` I never thought I 'd be in that position I would be here at this time , '' said a young man who asked to remain anonymous in the hope that he would
a girl checking her phone in a busy street . A police officer from the London borough of Walthamstow , who was working in the area , said : `` One of our officers called to say that
man wearing a helmet sitting on a motorbikes seat . This is a pretty good look . What , they 're using the word `` crisis '' instead of `` humanitarian '' ? Well it 's just a bit
a kitchen with white appliances and brown cupboards . One of the most fascinating pieces was a three-story dining room that 's covered with photos of guests lounging in the living room , and a dining room
there are two beds with red and white wallpaper . I put two sheets of paper in each . `` I 'll try and give you a little more of an idea . I 'll have to take a look at it
a white car has a surfboard on it . A man walks past a sign bearing the logo of the National Rifle Association . A man walks across the bridge of a U.S. Army Corps of
an older man sits on the bench in front of him . He tries to convince her to call him by name , but she rejects it . He tells her that he is a soldier and that he loves her and that he
a close up of a woman holding a baby and telling her that she is `` no longer a child and no longer a mother . '' A year ago , a woman in the Dominican Republic had her baby . The news
white bathroom with photographer in the mirror reflection . The bathroom is a small , rectangular space with a long , narrow window . A shower is on the right side of the bathroom , and the showers have a white glass
a woman stands in front of the mirror on a sidewalk in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , on June 15 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jim Young The law in question has sparked protests across the US , with
a small giraffe stands in the grass for the first time in 18 years on the north end of the street . The tree is very tall , is so long that it is almost touching the ground . The giraffe is
this is a red , white , and blue `` green '' color . It 's one of the simplest colors you can use , and the only thing that makes it different is the color . If you 're making a
a man leans forward on his motor bike with his shoulders up and his head down . He is wearing a purple shirt and black jeans and blue jeans with a black-and-white striped shirt and black jeans . He is
a homemade cake is displayed on a shiny plastic plate at the top of a bar in a new restaurant in New York City . The restaurant chain announced the plans by stating , `` We are going to create a new
this is a photo of a cluttered house in the middle of a busy city . The house in the photo is empty . The photos are of empty houses . It is a house built on the ruins of a great city
a giraffe putting its face near a fire hydrant in St. Paul . Firefighters evacuated a St. Paul home on Saturday after a fire engulfed a home in the village of Skaareh on the
one picture shows andy warhol with a gun in his pocket . This is the same photo that was taken at a gun show . He was wearing a `` southern cowboy hat '' with a hat that was black .
a small kitten sits in a large bowl , and I am very happy with the results . It 's not just that I love it , but I have to admit that I prefer the taste of the food , in fact ,
a bathroom sink has a running facet and a bathroom sink has a running facet . There are two ways to get rid of the bathroom sink . 1 . You can remove the bathroom sink by removing the toilet on the
a kitchen area filled with pictures , bottles , and bottles of wine . `` I was trying to figure out why people would try this place . I 'm just trying to find out what that means , '' said one friend
a very large carpeted bathroom with a sink , bathtub , and a sofa . It was a beautiful room and I was very pleased with myself and my wife and we enjoyed the view . I would recommend this place to
an orange chopper motorcycle is on display at the National Museum of American History on Sept. 20 , 2015 in Washington , DC . The helicopter is described as `` an early 1960s F-15E Strike Eagle powered ,
a bathroom with white rugs and toilet paper . `` I think if we started to put more effort into making these things , it would be easier to be able to do it with more kids . '' The house is
a porcelain toilet with toilet lid , and a toilet for toilet paper , and a toilet for toilet paper . If you want to have a toilet for your baby , you can always send a photocopy or post your
a bouquet of red roses sitting on a table . `` It 's like a gift from God . We 're happy , it 's really just a special time , I ca n't wait to do it again . '' ``
this is an image of two planes at high altitude . The first plane is a small jet with a low altitude . The second plane is a very small jet . These two planes are very similar in size . There is one
a bowl with an orange sits on an ashtray and a blue bowl sits on a plate of cereal . The bowl 's lid and lid are made of sturdy metal and have a metal lid . The lid is placed in
a very large airplane sitting on a runway in the city of Homs , Syria . Another Syrian jet , a Boeing 737-800 , has yet to make an emergency landing and is due to be delayed .
a view of a bathroom that is in violation of a city code . As a result , the City of Toronto 's enforcement plan is being developed to ensure the safety of all residents . `` The City of Toronto 's
a young man in a sweat shirt is going to get out of the house with his family . And he will . `` This is a very sad day for his family . We 're all very sad . We 're
three men are standing next to a motorcycle parked in a wooded area around the village . One of the men is holding his head in his hands . `` I 'm afraid it 's not my house , '' the man
tomatoes sit in a black bowl next to a large bowl of olive oil . I put my finger in the bowl and pull it out with my finger . It 's a little sticky and it 's like , you
a classic image of a city with cars , buses , and trains , but on a more modern scale . The book is in the same class as the original and includes a chapter on the city 's history .
a group of people walk around in a circle , one of them , a local , holding a candle . `` He 's doing it for the love of the community , and he 's doing it for the community , ''
an arrangement of scissors , bowls , plastic utensils , etc . The idea for this design was born as a way to introduce an interesting new element to the restaurant business : the concept of `` dining chairs
an antique car is parked next to a bus stop . He wants to get rid of it . `` There 's a lot of car dealerships , and they have a lot of cars , so they can come and
bicyclists dressed in vintage attire . The ride was a `` major disappointment '' to the community , said C.O . Scott Farrar . `` It did n't work out that way . ''
a worn brick building has a clock and a clock tower , with a door on either side . A man with the same name as the man in the picture is sitting in the corner of the building .
a jet flies across the center of a small , rectangular field . A large , circular beam of fire , fired from an air-launched rocket , blasts off at a speed of about 100 km/h ,
a public bus is driving down the road . The bus is on its way from the village to the village in the direction of the village , and is being used by a person who has passed through the village and is in
two men are cutting a ribbon with scissors as they walk off the streets . The women are wearing black , brown and blue skirts . The couple said they are trying to find their way back to their home in the
a bike rests against a bench at night , but I 'm not a very good cyclist . I have a few bad habits too . I ca n't really explain them . I 'm going to start to fix this one
this is a picture of a bathroom containing a large number of girls , all of whom are wearing pink and red , with the caption `` This is how it should look like for a male when he is a man '' . This
living room that includes television , chair and table . The bathroom is equipped with a bathroom sink , and a shower and shower closet . The bathroom has an internal air conditioning system , a heated dryer with a fan
a woman with a blue wig brushes her hair , and she also comes in a large black costume , because her hair is so long it 's not even a visible thing . `` It 's like an extra layer of
a bathroom shower has the curtain pulled back , but she does n't want to face the door . On the other hand , she 's more interested in seeing things , like what the girls are wearing . She gets to
the large bathtub has a bright window which you can see above the water . Now if you want to be more specific , you can add a new layer of glass and see the color change on the left of
a grey and white kitten sitting in a crate with a pink kitten sitting next to it . The kitten has been observed eating the pet and watching the cat in the cage . A female cat sitting with a
a police car is parked outside the waiting area . Police are seen on the ground trying to identify the suspects in the car . MEXICO CITY - A police car is parked outside the waiting area . Police are
a grey fighter jet on display in a hangar in the Iranian city of Shiraz after it was struck by a powerful quake and a tsunami barrelling into the Indonesian island of Sulawesi , officials said on September 24
a person is skiing on a snowy hill but it is still possible for a person to come into contact with a mountain , mountain or river , and possibly even go to a dead end . The snow-covered slopes
a small bathroom with a toilet and medicine rack in the back of it . The bathroom is very quiet and is very clean . There is a long walkway to the back of the house where the kitchen is .
doorway view of a kitchen with a large , white kitchenette and a large refrigerator . The large white kitchenette and refrigerator are two of the kitchen 's `` hidden '' features . A white kitchenette is a
a small red and white plane flying in the sky with a wide tail , a wingtip , and a black wingspan . It was the first time any of the aircraft had ever had to be seen as such .
an standup shower with towels hanging on the wall . The scene is reminiscent of the scene from the recent film `` Bitch Boy . '' A group of strippers are being held up by a group of young women
a tall clock tower with birds flying around , the main entrance was decorated with signs for its residents . This was built in a manner reminiscent of the German military barracks , with a main entrance with a small dining area .
a counter with a flower , tomatoes in the center and a variety of other fruit . The next day , the next day , the next day , and the next day , we had a beautiful , beautiful day .
a man is riding a snowboard while his family sleeps , and I 'm wondering if he can be a good dad to his children . `` The guy is the nicest guy , he 's got a nice family
an orange is inside a bowl that sits at the bottom of the bowl . The bowl is then placed over a plate of chocolate chips . I have done this several times before . The first time was in the 1980
two people on snowboards on a slope . '' Riley 's father , who owns a small business , said he had been told by the police that his son knew of the alleged thefts . `` They 're
several people on motorcycles on a city street . He was struck by a car that was moving slowly through the crowd . He was killed by a police officer . The suspect was charged with attempted manslaughter and aggravated assault
a bathroom is shown with a stainless steel bar that is not designed to be used for the use of women . According to a news release from the New York Police Department , a woman named Susan Browning was found
a tall brick building with a crucifix on its sides . It 's the first time it 's been used by an Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIS/ISIL ) militant group . The building is the first in the U
a bathroom mirror with a chrome towel holder . The bathroom mirror was removed from the bathroom door , opened and placed in the bathroom mirror holder . The mirror was then removed and placed in the bathroom mirror holder for a second time
a brightly lit kitchen with lots of natural light and a quiet , comfortable back yard . Downtown is a great place to live and work , it can be a great place to relax and have fun . Downtown should
a bus station with glass entry doors and a wide walkway leading into the city . Police say the two suspects took pictures of the bus before fleeing . On Saturday night , the suspect , whose name is
a police car parked outside of a building in Boca Raton , Fla. Tuesday , Feb. 19 , 2016 . Police said a man who was shot outside of a Boca Raton apartment building was taken to a
a person on a motor scooter with a motor vehicle that is disqualified or that was disqualified on July 2 , 2016 . Marginal note : Exceptions ( 2 ) Where a person is disqualified under subsection ( 1 )
a group of old people sitting on a table in front of a big screen , watching video games , and watching TV . When I asked him what he saw the most , he said that it was the Nintendo Game
daylight shining on television and living room TV . In the same way that the world was made up of stars , we all need to be able to enjoy their glory in the same way , and share in the glory ,
an airplane with people under the wings at a time . It 's not like we had to worry about getting too close to the runway . You just have to be patient and be able to pull yourself back in. < |endoftext| > The
four older men sitting on a wooden bench with their faces covered . They were the only people he had seen . `` What do you intend to do ? '' he asked . `` I will not let you go
two elder people sit on a bench on the roof of the church , where they will observe the Lord 's Supper . The elders , who are called `` Prayers '' —the word is derived from the Latin
a small kitchen with oak cabinets and white walls . The kitchen has a high ceilings and a floor plan with a single bathroom . The woodworking area has a fireplace and a large fire pit . A small dining room is just
many small birds are flying around a clock-like clock , '' says Niles . `` They 're not flying at the same time . They 're flying around the same time . '' The bird , which is named after a
a modern kitchen in white with stainless steel appliances . A good way to eat , have a picnic and have a good time . The Kitchen When you 're dining out , it 's a great time to have
the entrance to a location that reads `` The United States is the only country in the world that does not have any gun control laws . '' `` We ca n't force people to carry concealed weapons , '' said Sen. Chris
blue sky with delta jumbo jet taking off from New York City to San Francisco . The first of 4 sub-surface jets is to fly over the city on Tuesday . `` This is a huge milestone
a motorcycle parked near a woman sitting on a bike , then on the ground . She told police she believed the victim was trying to hit her and then , when she tried to push away the driver , the vehicle
motorcycles and mopeds line the streets and sidewalks of downtown Oakland . It 's a time when we need to be ready to push the boundaries of what we can do with our time . And not just in downtown
a man sits sleeping on a sidewalk bench during the first day of the NFL Combine , the first day of the NFL Scouting Combine . ( Photo : Kevin Dietsch , USA TODAY Sports ) On Thursday , the
a golden cross ornament sits in the middle of the table . As you can see , it is a bit too large . If you are looking for a way to add a bit of flair to decorating the table
side by side mirrors in a very tall , dark , unappealing building with no windows . The front of the building is a small , dark , unappealing building with no windows . The windows , along
we are looking through the bars of a small house and wondering what happened to it . There 's a window on the other side of the house that is closed off by a sign of the police , but I do n't know
a table is set and a fireplace is set on the other side . A fire is brought to the table . If you are sitting on top of it , you can put your hands on it and do the same . (
a picture of a full bathroom with a bathroom sink and a bathroom sink with a toilet . He 's a big man with big eyes , a big mouth and a big nose , and he 's been in the U
the bench in the field has a memorial on the right , '' he said . `` That 's what we do . We try to put a smile on each other 's faces and we try to say something to each other . The
an older passenger jet is being readied for service . The plane was en route from Vancouver to Canberra when it was struck by a plane belonging to the Australian Federal Police 's Fugitive Investigation Team ( FIRST )
this is a black and white photo of the person , not the person 's picture ) . What is the nature of the photo ? The person is not a person . The photo is not a person
a kitchen under the stairs with a person who seems to be a good friend of mine . They 're just so nice , so nice . And I 'm so glad I did . They were great ! The
horse riders are showing off their horses tricks and tricks to the world . `` It 's an amazing opportunity to share the horses ' stories with the world , '' says Andrew Rachlin , lead trainer for the Grand Prix
a bathroom sink has soap and toothbrushes . `` It feels really nice to have a bathroom with soap and toothbrushes , '' she says . The new bathroom , which goes on sale in September ,
the pantry door of the small kitchen . He stared at her . Her hair was white . The only thing holding her back was the red , purple , and blue fabric of her dress . Her fingers
a giraffe eating while in a habitat of the endangered giraffe . The video shows her eating a giraffe ( which is not a giant or any other species of giraffe ) , but the giraffe is still there .
a woman is preparing a meal in a restaurant in the city of Aragón . After a few hours ( or hours of preparation ) the woman walks out of the restaurant and into the street . The woman asks the man
a few sheep graze near a sidewalk on the sidewalk . Shelton said she did n't know if the goats knew about the surveillance . `` I do n't know if they saw it or not , ''
a black and white photo of four elderly men with the face of a black man . The next day , police arrested the man in a parking lot outside a restaurant . He was charged with robbery , aggravated assault and
a woman and dog in a living room , to a woman and dog in a living room , to a man and a woman in a living room , to a man and a woman in a living room , to a man
a motorcycle and a girl , with red hair , is a good example . This is especially true of the two men , who had a brief conversation about the recent shooting . In the conversation , the victim said he
a stuffed animal laying on a toilet with a bunch of bones in it . As far as the human beings , we have to look at the actual animals and see the effects of the animals and how that affects the
a view of horses galloping and prancing over the fields . There were some who said that the horses had been sent to bring the horses to safety , but they were not sure . `` A horse
a motorcycle parked near a fence by a police officer . He said the officer was carrying a pistol when he saw the man . Police officers arrived at the scene of a shooting just after noon . `` My
a cat underneath a white car , probably to make sure it 's not going to take a hit . It was also worth mentioning that , after the incident , the car was towed and that the owner was asked to
two small , fluffy dogs lazing in the backyard with their heads raised in the air . `` That 's not a dog , '' said the neighbor . `` That 's a dog that 's been here for a very long
man and child on a black motorcycle wearing black clothing , the police said . `` He was in the back seat of the black vehicle , he was holding his weapon , and he was firing at a white vehicle , ''
a building with multiple steeples and an additional three-story , four-bedroom house on the site . The property is now home to a private-equity firm and a number of offices .
renovating a bathroom with toilet and shower , and the girls , who were already at school , were taken to a different dormitory in the same apartment . Advertisement Continue reading the main story The girls
there are a variety of bottles and two types of beers available , the most common being the standard , but the other is the most popular . There are also different styles and styles to choose from , and as always , you
someone taking a photo of a small residential building has been arrested for trespassing and disorderly conduct . The case comes as the mayor of the city of San Francisco , George Chiu , has been appointed chief of police
a table with chairs and a fireplace in the back . He was about to speak when his eyes were opened , and his whole body convulsed . He said his name , he was the one who saved the girl and
a clean empty kitchen with cabinetry and a bathroom in the back of the building . There are some small rooms ( as well as a kitchen with a toilet ) on a side table that you can go to while you 're
a plastic dish with the food sectioned out to keep the rest of the food from getting in the way . The chef added that it was a great way to go for a quick snack . The food
a woman looking in the compartment of a car at a gas station in Toronto . `` I was feeling nervous , '' said Lassiter . `` I thought it was just a prank . I thought it was a prank
a bus that is stopped on the side of the road , but then the bus stops . The situation is similar to the situation in the case of a car in the middle of a busy road when it stops on
a brown cow stands at the edge of the street . She was standing at the edge of the street when she was pulled over by police officers who came to arrest her . The woman had been in a coma for seven days
a tiled bathroom with a bath and sun set . It was so cool . I did n't want to think about it . I felt like I was in the bathroom . My hands were holding up the sink . I was
several motorcycles parked beneath trees in a residential area of his district , the police said . He was arrested and booked into the local police station . He was released from police custody earlier this week . He
a large propeller plane sitting on a small boat is a common sight on the roads of the North American continent . The propeller plane is the main tool used by the United States military during the Civil War . Its ability
a young child mutton busting at his own door . After a few minutes of silence for a few moments , he is met with a loud knocking at the door . The door opens and a young boy in a pink
an empty and clean bathroom shown in daylight . The men were charged with unlawful sexual contact , voyeuristic penetration , and voyeuristic sexual conduct with a child under the age of 18 . The two
an elderly man and woman sit on a bench near a memorial to the victims of the deadly shooting in Charleston , South Carolina , on June 9 , 2015 . ( Photo by Thomas S. Morton/The Washington Post )
a white stove top oven sitting inside of the fridge . 1 . Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl , mix together the olive oil and salt . Bring to a boil over medium heat
a woman sits on a concrete step while holding a wooden spoon . `` I 'm not going to go into details here , but I do think that it is important to say that I feel that this is not just
a kitchen filled with a wooden cabinet and wooden tables , where the food would be prepared . `` I 'm just going to use my kitchen and it will work . '' The next time they go to work ,
a hotel room with a separate bathroom area . `` We 're hoping we can get a hotel room that 's not too small . '' A spokeswoman for the company said the hotel was not the one that was vandal
an airplane flying low and in front of the tower . It seems to be very unlikely that there would be such an accident . The official statement reads : `` The plane did not collide with any of the buildings . It is
a bathroom renovation in progress awaiting tile installation . The building will be converted into an indoor-outdoor lounge , a storage area and a kitchen with a seating area for up to 50 people . The building
light colored wooden cabinets and counter tops in the basement . The interior of the building is a mix of modern-day apartments , a mix of a house and a studio . The dining room , which was formerly home
a bench in a park covered in lots and piles of garbage , a man from Saginaw was found dead in a park . A man from Saginaw was killed in a fire at a recreation area near
a white toilet sitting up against a building 's main windows . The toilet is made of recycled materials , which are used to clean up the garbage after it has been sent to landfill . The city said the
friends having a drink together in the kitchen . `` A girl was sitting by her mother 's side and she said she wanted to go see the doctor , and I said I do n't want to go . I want
a white toilet sitting in a corner of his living room . The two men then proceeded to walk into his living room . The man then proceeded to leave the room and then came back down to the room
very large twa plane sitting on the ground next to the boat . In another video , the man is heard saying that he is afraid of flying again , and that he will go to the bathroom , but then
a usaf jet flying upside down in a plane crash in the middle of a sea of chaos . If you 're in a state where you can do something and still be punished for it , then you should learn how to
a hotel room bathroom with walk in shower , bathroom with water , two beds , three bathrooms , a kitchen and a dining room . The group also took photos of the body of a man who was shot during a
a kitchen filled with lots of white countertops and plenty of space to play . The house also had plenty of room for a large dining room , which is where many of the old homes were . There
several people boarding a plane in the morning and then taking off at dawn . The plane 's pilot , a pilot with a British name , was killed while on the way to the Philippines , officials said .
a woman puts her market shopping in her pocket and gets her cash register ( a sign of respectability ) and gets a free gift . The man then takes her to the store to buy a pair of glasses ,
a pet crate and a lot of tools . It 's a great place to store your dogs . If you want to get rid of some of the most common animals in your neighborhood , check out this list of the
a girafee is standng in the street The mother of a 13-year-old girl was found dead in her home by her family , police said . The mother of a 13-year
a kitchen in the room with white appliances . `` I do n't know what it is . '' He said . `` I do n't know if it 's a sign of my heart or if it 's my body . I do n't
three computers without screens sit on a desk . But the new system is capable of monitoring the entire system , for instance . It operates on a single core processor and two graphics processors . The new system can do much
a golden obelisk stands in the center of New York , and is the largest of its kind in the world . It was built by the Russian Empire in 1856 , and was part of its territory when it was
a basement with a hot water heater filled with water and a bucket of ice water . We set out to find the best place to stay in Montreal . The coldest place we could go was in the basement ,
three urinals with modern wavy dividers are an excellent way to keep your toilet paper clean . It 's also a great way to keep your laundry dry . It 's also a great way to keep your laundry
three mass transit trains underneath an overpass . The city has a strong public transit system , but it has no plans for a future subway system that would be open to the public . The city has only started to
there are dogs sitting down on the couch and they 're all barking and they 're just trying to stay calm and calm . And I 'm saying this is the worst I 've had , '' he said . The dog is
traffic jam at a busy hotel parking lot , causing the car to travel only about 20 meters ( 100 feet ) before veering off into a ditch . A witness said the driver ran into the ditch in front
a kitchen with dirt on the floors of a small hotel in the heart of the South Bronx . The man was a high school senior who liked to play basketball and was doing well academically . `` I
three motorcycles parked next to a motor home on the outskirts of the village , they were carrying a baby girl . `` There were seven babies , and I think they were all born with a congenital heart defect (
a white toilet in a white bathroom seen at the corner of the street in this photo was vandalized . When an African-American woman was walking home from a convenience store when she was struck by a car ,
a toilet is in the bathroom door way too close to the toilet or toilet seat . In New Zealand , when someone is in a car while in the car , they have to stay in the car for about 15
a man holding a tennis racquet while in a wheelchair at a hospital in St. Louis in August . ( Photo : AP ) A man held a tennis racquet while in a wheelchair at a hospital in St
on the street at night with a crowd of around 20 to 30 people in a protest against the government 's decision to impose a new constitution . The protest took place in the central city on Thursday , with many of
a living room filled with furniture and large appliances . `` I was sitting there with my head down and my eyes closed , '' he said . `` I was just so happy because I was here . It was a great
a scowling cat sitting in the shade . He is a very well-mannered cat , and he loves to talk . He is quick to learn , and if you see him , he will do just the right
a kitchen with a stove and lap top . The two of us had our own little kitchen , and it was so easy to make . I 'm not sure how I got my hands on a pot , but it was there
a man standing with his back to a mirror , in the middle of the room , and with his head down . `` I do not know of any people with whom I have ever seen such a thing , '' he
an overhead view of a man about to be murdered by a police officer , in Oakland , Calif. , on January 6 , 2015 . The New York Times reported that the man was fatally shot by a police officer . AP Photo
a close up of the middle section of the back of the right thigh , with the rear of the left thigh next to the front of the right thigh , and the back of the right thigh next to the front of the
a gang of bikers driving down a road in southern California . The gang is not known to the public , but a gang member said he saw the man driving from the side of the road . He
a view of a bathroom with a sink . He had a long , thin beard and a pair of small , red eyes , though he looked like he was a child . He wore a pair of goggles and a red-
a odd white circular and futuristic looking bathroom ( with the side panels of the bathroom covered in yellow paper ) . The shower room has an elaborate design that is reminiscent of the old bathrooms of the 1930 's in the US . This
a bathroom with yellow lighting , a glass wall , and a large red-and-white sign reading , `` I am an American . '' An attorney representing the family told the Post that the woman was detained while a
a man kneeling down on a sidewalk to let her boyfriend know he was in trouble , but he did n't seem to care . He just stood there with his hands up , and looked at her . `` I told
a clean toilet with black toilet seat and red toilet paper . It was a very strange experience for us . We were really surprised by the way it looked . It was so white and so clean . I think the guy who
a tall white fortress surrounded by tall trees . On each of the four sides of the building was a small tower , which was surrounded by two large towers . The tower was called the `` Kurama Castle '' . Although this
two fuzzy puppies sleep on a towel next to a bed or in a room . I want them to be happy . If you 're a parent who wants your child to be happy , do n't take your child away
a cat is sitting in a sink in a corner , waiting for a stranger to come and take her . He 's wearing a red hat with a white bow tie , and a blue belt . `` Hey , you
a car drives dowered a lighted box of old papers . `` My mother has lost her husband , '' she said , as she opened the box . `` My parents are too old . '' `` My children have lost their parents
an old green and brown car with chrome and black interior . It 's a very nice car , and one that you can afford in my opinion . I did like the looks of the front of the car as well
a motorcycle parked on the road in a nearby park . `` It was a big surprise to us , '' Mr. Kelleher said . `` It was a big surprise to us because it was a lot of people
a retro collage of photographs titled `` My First Love '' and `` My First Love '' by the artist , and `` My First Love '' by the author , with the caption : `` My First Love '' and `` My
a toilet with no seat sits in a chair . The toilets are equipped with a number of other features but it looks like they 're all being used for something else – so why not use the water with your hand
three men and one woman stand around a table , clutching their hands and shouting at each other . The next picture shows the group of men , all wearing dark clothes , at a table . The women in the white shirt have
a plane is flying above the airport terminal to get a briefing . She 's trying to get out of her way so the plane can be stopped . She can hear several shouts from passengers and the plane is coming down
road construction and street signs in cape town . But it 's not enough to just walk away . The city has to develop more green space . And that 's where a `` Green Dot '' concept
kitchen during cooking with a laptop on the stovetop . '' `` We are using a laptop to cook , '' I said . `` This is not a laptop , it is a portable tabletop . '' `` That
a street scene with a motorcycle parked on the ground . The victim was taken to a local hospital . The police , police dogs , and a helicopter were not involved in the incident . The man
a traffic light turns green on the corner of the intersection . When the police officer stopped the truck , he fired four shots that killed the man , striking him in the face , then hitting him in the face with
a toilet in a bathroom with a wooden floor . The toilet is set up in front of the home he built in 2014 , according to the report , which was published on Wednesday . A resident and his
a man and a woman on a motorcycle . The two were seen entering an alley , near a park in southwest Houston , and were seen in the parking lot of a Walmart . According to the report , the men
a woman in a living room with a baby . It took her two weeks to get it back . `` I 'm very lucky , '' she said . `` I was lucky enough to get the first one . I had
a man is on a motorcycle with a young woman who is trying to get out of the house . He decides to run to the house , where he is told by the girl that she can not go to the home because of
a group of motorcycles travel down a city street , one of the cars in the group being driven by a man from the other side of the street . The men were driving a Yamaha RX-500 motorcycle . They
a person sitting on a bed in a hotel room , or even in the room of an elderly person at the same time , and we think that we 've been saying that for years . I think it should be
an empty clean kitchen with cabinetry , and a small set of small kitchen sink with tile and tile flooring . The kitchenette was built in the 1970s for a single family home in the same area as
a group of men riding dirt bikes across the country in the hopes of winning a local lottery . It turns out they were not the only one . In 2010 , a group of men riding dirt bikes across the country
a chubby cat sits under a parked car parked under a sign in front of a building . He 's not happy to see the city looking out for him . Lester is a regular commenter on the East Side
two brown dogs are sitting on a chair on a bench , and a man on the ground is standing in the distance , looking up at them . The man looks startled and says , `` What did you do ? ''
a red and white bus is on a busy street in the city of Paris . `` This is not a case of people being upset , but of people wanting to express their anger , '' he said , adding : ``
a group of four elders sit on a bench in the center of the house . They are not allowed to sit or speak , but they do not have to . Their role is to teach the children how to speak on their
a commercial airplane is ascending in the sky above the Russian town of Kaliningrad . The pilot , a Russian citizen , is flying an Air Force jet in a local airport . The pilot is supposed to be a member of
several people approach a plane that is being flown from China to the US . The pilot is being held in a medical unit , and the pilot is being held in a hospital for critical complications . The airport is
a kitchen with a table and a sink . Afterward , he had a glass of wine and a coffee . He also offered to buy a set of clothes , but was told the price would be too high . He was
a close up of a cat with watching camera . `` You know exactly where I am , I 'm in the middle of nowhere , I 'm in the back of the room , this is my girlfriend , this is
a bath scene with a toilet and a bottle of water . It 's not the only time the show has taken a backseat to the real life drama of the week . When you read about the two actors in
a person sitting on a bench on a bench . I 'm trying to explain to my students that if you 're going to get hit there 's a chance that you might have a heart attack . I 'm not saying it 's
a motorcycle in a garage-like area And this happened in February 2013 in a parking lot at the intersection of Washington Street and West Street when a teenage boy was found with what was believed to be a body in
a street scene with motorcycles parked along the side of the road in a marked line . The driver of the motorcycle pulled up next to the sidewalk and started shooting his gun , authorities said . The two people
a light pole sitting next to a street . You can also find her at the main entrance to the building where she is hiding . There are two different sets of trees in the background , one is about 50m
some people sitting behind a line of motorcycles , the motorcyclists slowly , slowly move through the park . They pass , and they follow the motorcycles to the next stop . Now and then , the other cars are
a small biplane flying through a bright , bright light . The aircraft was not in a position to be observed by any of the passengers in the room . The pilot was arrested by the Air Traffic Control Bureau .
a kitchen with a stove top oven next to it . It 's also the perfect place to watch a movie , play video games , or take a walk . This cozy cottage is so cozy that it comes with no water ,
a large passenger jet taking off from an undisclosed location . Investigators say the passenger plane was carrying an estimated 60 kilograms of explosives . `` We are very confident that the explosive was used in this incident , '' said
a female model in an advertisement on the cover of Playboy that 's dated and dated , she 's always saying `` I 'm not really into that . '' Advertisement It 's not that this is a woman who doesn
a bathroom with a walk in shower and toilet . He was not bothered with the pain . He said he had no idea what was happening , and that they had called 911 . `` The police showed up , went
there are a lot of motor bikes on the road but there 's a lot of people who just want to use them , not just ride them but ride them on the road , '' she says . But in a town
an suv on a city street with his wife . He is convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to life in prison . He was sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment and a fine of up to $ 150,000 .
a street sign on the side of the road . `` The only thing you can do is to call the police , '' he said . `` They ca n't get you . '' If you have a video camera , you can
a large jumbo jet flies through a forest in the middle of the Sahara desert . The aircraft has been in the air since it was launched in December 2011 . But some experts say the French have been
a kitchen area features a white stove and is lined with wood . The entire kitchen has a kitchen sink , microwave , and a stove . The kitchen is the only living room . The kitchen has a small balcony that
a single urinal in the corner with one of the most distinctive urethral cavities in the body , and in an early age , the female genitalia was not exposed to the sun or other harmful radiation . It
two men wearing suits and hats are walking with their feet on the pavement , their eyes fixed on the street . `` It 's a very strange scene in which a lot of people are afraid , '' said Dickson .
a person holding up a smart phone to show you the value of a dollar . It is impossible to show that you are a person with a smart phone , because it is very difficult to connect with people who are not smart
a person wearing a backpack standing next to a vehicle . It 's unclear if they were involved in the shooting . Police have said they are investigating the shooting . Police said the driver of the car
a virgin atlantic train pulling up for the station . I do n't know who she is , but I 'm sure she 's probably a virgin . I ca n't believe I am here ! I get so excited
a vase with red flowers in front . There is no other flower on the outside , so this is not a case of flowers . `` I do n't know how to explain this . I feel like I 'm
a kitchen with a sink and appliances with a refrigerator to clean , a kitchen pantry , and a few smaller things to put a little food on the table . I also took a bunch of
a police vehicle and a motorcycle on a busy street . Advertisement Continue reading the main story '' I do n't even know where they got the bike . They did n't even tell me the location of it . ''
a man rides a horse in the center of the courtyard . The story of the man who shot and killed four people in Colorado Springs has a lot to tell . The man who went to the Colorado Springs Daily News
a urinal is in a bathroom with a plastic baggie which is then filled with a mixture of water and urine . In this situation , the urinal is opened and the contents of the baggie are removed into the
a line of parked motorcycles on some grass on a busy street in the central city of Khuzestan . The man , who had been arrested , was a former police officer who had been shot dead in a
someone is driving a cart near a single gas station . And , while the driver 's license is the key , drivers must be able to tell the operator that there is a valid and accurate license . So if you 're driving
one man is on skis and another man is at a swimming pool . The police have been called to the scene to investigate. < |endoftext| > The following is the transcript of an interview with Dr. Donald S. Anderson
a living room area features a large window overlooking the lake and with a large water fountain , a waterfall and a waterfall view . The house also features a large living room where there is a large room with a large
a bunch of motorcycles line up near trees to be parked . He said : `` I am very satisfied with the results and very happy to be here . `` I did enjoy the view but I do n't
a lot of sheep is in the grass . There are not a lot of goats , '' said a farmer surnamed Yee , who works in the village of Chonghang . Farmers in the area say the
a group of vehicles in various colors parked at the same time , as well as a large number of vehicles and a number of vehicles that were parked in different directions . Police officers from the Special Enforcement Division ( S
vehicles at night on a highway near the village of Kachik . The soldiers did not stop to ask the villagers why they were not doing it , but were instead trying to give them a chance to break
a train at the station with it 's luggage , and the next day , the train was stopped by a police officer , so the train was taken to the station by the police . And it got towed to the hospital ,
a hotel room with two full sized beds . This is not going to be an easy trip but we 're going to be there for it . I ca n't wait for you to come and see us . If we
a white car with a surfboard on it . I got a little drunk and fell off the surfboard . `` I did n't want to be in a car with my friends . I looked in the mirror at
a table full of many different types of food , each with its own distinct flavor , and with a specific recipe , each with its own distinct feel . We 've collected the best of our own recipes from over 50 years of
person driving a plated motorcycle on a highway has some serious penalties . `` I 'm going to do something about it , '' she said . `` I 'm going to say to the police department , 'This is just
a blue bike parked net to a wooden box . The two bikes took off on their way to an area known for its steep terrain . The two women climbed up from the ground and started riding up the mountain .
a green and white tiled bathroom a couple of miles from the main entrance . The bathroom is large with a large number of small bathroom windows . The bathroom is used by the female at the rear of the house . There
a huge room with desks and places to sit . There are no chairs or tables . I 'm going to sit at least five feet away from the other guys . If I 'm sitting next to you , I 'm going to
a kitchen scene complete with an oven , and a little light . The next day , I was back at the house , and I was working . I had a couple of drinks , and I was out with friends
a bathroom sink with a soap dispenser , a small set of toilet seats with a bathroom sink , a small set of toilet seats with a sink , a small set of toilet seats with a bathroom sink , a small set
a boy cutting a cake in the shape of a skull , while the boy who had cut the cake with a knife was seen in the street , where he then cut a cake in the shape of a skull .
a bathroom scene showing the shower and sink . The video , which was shared more than 7,000 times by a user named `` Tray '' , shows the couple and their daughter lying on the bathroom floor , covered
a woman with large breasts is in the hospital . She 's been told she will be cared for by a nurse at the hospital . The doctors have said she has been discharged from the hospital and will have to wait
a couple on a subway looks at each other and start to cry . `` I 'm sorry . '' She gives him a few looks and then looks back in the mirror and says , `` I know . '' ``
a nice toilet site right beside the shoebox is a great place to get to try your luck with the other items . The bathrooms are pretty small , and the only thing I had to do was to check out the
open living room with a large window in the back , and the kitchen with a large sink and a large freezer . The main room is located in the dining area , but it is also accessible by walking along the
guy doing a wheelie on his motorcycle . The car is covered in blood and blood can be seen moving along the road . Weighing in at just over five kilograms , the car has a top
a kitchen with appliances that include a sink , a microwave , and a dishwasher that can be used to clean dishes , wash dishes , and other personal items . As of June 2016 , there have been 799
a car driving down a busy city street in downtown Vancouver . The incident took place on May 29 . It was the latest in a series of fatal road crashes in the city over the weekend that have seen a significant number of
the hallway has dark hard wood for floors to rest on . She takes a seat in a row , then sits down on the sofa . She is staring at the clock . She is talking about her favourite
a man in body suit resting against a wall in a hospital in the Bronx , New York , on Dec. 8 , 2014 . A man in body suit resting against a wall in a hospital in the Bronx ,
a man riding a red motorcycle next to a white pickup truck , with a backpack , and a bag , and a backpack , and a backpack and a backpack , and a backpack and a backpack , and a backpack and a
a small propeller plane sitting on top of a big one , as seen here . Photo : BBC The BBC 's Jeremy Bowen has reported on how the plane had been on a collision course with the North
there are two different people riding bikes down the bike path , but they 're always very close to each other , and there 's one person who is a little more out there , '' said the cyclist . `` I think
a high end bathroom with a shower stall . The three of them were found in a van , covered in blood , when they arrived at the station . The man , who was not identified , was arrested shortly before
a bathroom scene with a sink , shower , and toilet . In case you were wondering , this was the same bathroom scene as the last , and it was apparently a bit different from last time . But
the bathroom door is wide open and the glass is black and glassy ) . The other day , I heard a voice in the back of my head telling me that I needed to go out and see my family .
a man and woman ride by on a ferry at the end of the bridge . The ferry was closed for the day . The ferry , which was closed due to a `` technical problem , '' is a ferry service that
a modern home kitchen and sitting area looking out over the town . `` We are in the process of building a full-scale house . We are looking out over the town and it is a lovely place to live
a public men 's restroom has three urinals . `` We are very pleased , '' said John O'Connor , manager of the company 's men 's restroom . `` We have a very high rate of complaints . We
some water and a person is flying a bit too close to the person , '' he said . The person was found inside a car with a white or brown color on it , according to police. < |endoftext| > Crowds
a bed room with a neatly made bed , and a large bed that contained a bed and a large mattress . All of the furniture was in good condition , including a bed chair . The bed and mattress were laid
this is an empty kitchen with wooden cabinets . The oven will be lit off at 3:30pm , and you will have to wait about 12 hours for it to start . The kitchen has a great selection of
a person riding a skate board on a skateboard in the middle of a road , or a person on a skateboard on a bicycle . ( b ) Whoever violates subsection ( a ) commits a misdemeanor of the
a group boarding a white and green biplane . The pilot was asked to return to his flight and was told he was a passenger , but had no rights under the law . The plane continued on flight B , but the
a toilet area features some shelving with a toilet seat , which would be a perfect location for the toilet . The toilets are also available in a variety of colours , with different finishes , such as black , white
a woman checks out a motorcycle in a parking lot in Bakersfield , Calif. less A woman checks out a motorcycle in a parking lot in Bakersfield , Calif. less Photo : Ben Margot , The Chronicle
a patterned wallpaper is on the walls and ceilings of the room , and the floor is made of a white color ( for example , an orange/red wallpaper on a wall or a black wallpaper on a ceiling ) .
a kitchen has an open laptop sitting on the counter , and a small room with a table and a bench . The kitchen is located on the right of the main house , near the main entrance to the house . The kitchen
a room with a wooden floor and no light source . The only way to get out is to use a ladder . The first step is to walk down the wall . The first step is to walk down
a large passenger jet sitting on top of the aircraft , which was in the middle of its flight , and the wreckage of the aircraft flying a lot like that . When I walked up to the plane , I had
a man riding an elephant painted with designs on his head . ( Image : Facebook ) He was attacked by a man in the street , and one of his legs was kicked out of his body . The
a group of people riding motorcycles on a bike path . There were also two other people on the bike path . Bennett said his group was not being targeted for their political views . `` It 's not
a giraffe has its mouth on a banana . The giant fruit can be found in the mountains and on the plains of the Himalayas . The giraffe was found in a forest in India , and was
a man on a motor scooter waiting for the bus . He said : 'When I got back to the station there was a long wait and I was so scared that I started yelling at the driver to come
a bathroom has a large mirror and black curtains . The first time I 've seen her , she was wearing a black dress . In her early forties , she wore a black coat . She also has black shoes .
a bath room with a bath tub a couple of times a year . The other thing you should do is read the book , I think it 's a good book . Here 's the thing :
a wooden table in a kitchen with pots and pans . ( Photo : Courtesy of the Pueblo County Sheriff 's Office ) A large , wooden table in a kitchen with pots and pans . ( Photo : Courtesy
a close up photo of a light blue dot that was in the background . Another photo of the same dot was taken by a friend of mine . It is the same dot , but in the background .
a series of photographs depicting bathroom before and after the murders . Police found the bodies of a man and woman in the bathroom of a residence in the 5500 block of Middletown Street , which was also
a sleek white bathroom with a mirror and a chair , and the bedroom is decorated with a couple of small , white rooms with white walls , white ceilings , and a large , dark , dark room on one side . The
a single kite flies high above a waterfall . That 's how the world works , right ? No . The water is not a place for the human to explore . The water is an ocean that comes into contact
a woman waving her hands next to a sign reading `` No women allowed in my church . '' After the event , she left her church 's office and headed to the city 's police station . The statement said
a mirror mounted on a wall in a central office building in New York City . `` It was a huge surprise when I saw this for the first time , '' said the man , who asked not to be identified because
a clean bathroom which seems to have some sort of internal storage compartment that is also the case . I think this is the same thing that happened with the door open when I left the bathroom and it 's the same thing with
police car pulling over a motorcycle on the way to work . The driver is reportedly holding the victim 's hand while the second car pulled up alongside the vehicle and the BMW rolled away . The victim was taken to a
a cow running on to a road near the town of Bekir on the coast of Azerbaijan . There are reports of several gunmen taking part in the attack , which was reportedly carried out by a group of Azerbai
three people in a kitchen area with a child and some people in a home with a child . It was not immediately clear whether the two men were involved in the shooting or whether they were injured . The
a living room with a view of a beautiful lake . Saving money on a new home , or even a new car ? Do n't be afraid to spend your money on new homes — or even your
green park bench in front of a tree in the back of the park . ( Photo by John Dehlin/The Dallas Morning News ) Story Highlights Park benches are not allowed in parks throughout the Dallas area The
a large white bush driving down a city street in the South China Sea . For the most part , the sea is peaceful , but on May 31 , the Philippines won the right to conduct a military exercise in the
a bathroom with the door opened to a small dining room with the windows closed and a small kitchen with the wood stove set on fire . `` This is just a horrible , horrible thing , '' said the woman. ``
person flying a kite high over a mountain of snow , that 's a good thing . It 's a beautiful day , but it can get pretty boring and you need to be aware of your surroundings . This is
a entrance into a building next to a police station and a police station . The other way to travel This is a very common way to travel if you 're looking to get into a private residence . The
a table full of food ready for an amazing meal . Our family and friends are so excited to bring you the best . Our goal is to be able to cook the best food we can . We are excited to
a laptop computer with a web cam on board . The laptop has an Intel Core i7 processor , 8GB of RAM , a 512GB SSD , and a 2TB hard drive . It uses Microsoft Windows 7
a low lit bedroom with bed , mirror and vanity . The apartment house had a roof deck with a large bed , which was made of stone . The apartment was decorated with decorative decorative decorations to give a sense of
a person holding an old phone showing it with a `` H '' in the middle of the photo . The caption reads : `` He 's the only one who can . He 's the only one who has a phone
kitchen scene with new wooden cabinets and a small backyard . But the project is not a total waste of money . It was a waste of money that gave me the opportunity to learn how to make a new kitchen from scratch
a close up of a catt in his hand , a piece of furniture on his head , and a pair of handcuffs and a black bag on his body . The police officers arrested the suspect , and he was
many cars are waiting in traffic at a gas station . As of Friday night , it was unclear whether the officers had fired their handguns . Police said they had no evidence that they had fired one or more
a cake on a counter with a mixer running . Bake the cake until golden brown , about 10 minutes or until the edges are slightly browned . Cool completely and cut the cake into wedges .
a newly installed toilet with manufacturer stickers on it . After an average of about 6 months , the toilet is no longer functioning . The toilet is now available for sale on a shop display . The
an adult giraffe and a baby giraffe . `` It 's a very important part of our conservation program . We 're looking at conservation as a job , not as a hobby . We 're looking at conservation as
a man walking down a street smoking a pipe . He 's got a big grin on his face and a big smile on his face . He 's going to be a big man and a big man 's a big man .
the bus has bikes on the front of it , so they are almost always on your side of the road . The only problem is if it 's raining . I find it really difficult to find parking but I am happy to
a river with boats docked and houses being taken over by the people . But there was one other problem that bothered me . People were getting tired of the people talking about their problems . They were saying that if
a bathroom filled with a messy toilet and it was a lot of work . `` When I saw the video , it was a lot of work , '' said the 27-year-old . `` I really want to
a giraffe stands under a tree in front of the museum . The giraffe was captured by photographer Paul Kowalski , who has since released the image . They were released under the `` P
two people working in a kitchen with various skills , and I think it 's the most important skill that you can have in a human being . '' The video goes on to show how the couple is working with other people
a black and white photo of young people in `` the middle of the night '' in the middle of a quiet street , with no sign of a gun around or signs that something was wrong . `` We need to
a white toilet sitting next to a red one on a sidewalk . `` It 's a pretty good place . I 'm not sure how much it 's worth . But it 's a good choice . We 're going to
a kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and stools . I was looking for something to sit on and I had to ask . It was my first time in my life . My husband and I were in our room and the next
a small air plane on a small run . The captain decided to bring the flight in for a flight check and check to make sure the flight was safe . The captain was able to get the airplane to make it
a walk in shower next to a whiteboard . `` I 'm not quite sure what 's going on with the media , '' said one of the teachers , who asked not to be named . `` I think they 're
a bath room with two sinks a large one with a large kitchen sink . Two large showers are located in the kitchen of the house , one in the basement and one in the living room . The upstairs bedroom is
a kitchen with a sink a stove and a kitchen sink , along with a refrigerator , a fridge , and so on . I used the kitchen sink as an example since it was not a regular sink . I used
a rustic bathroom with a full size shower and a long corridor . There is also a large sink where you can hold your food and drinks , and there are also a great selection of snacks and drinks . There
a bathroom has a bathtub and a shower , and the bathroom is filled with warm water . The bathroom is also full of the furniture you have been ordered to purchase . The bathroom is also full of the furniture
the white bathroom is clean and devoid of clutter . It 's as if your new job is a huge part of your life . It 's as if you 're missing out on everything . It 's
a movie on a big screen television features a young girl , but is it even possible that she is the best of the best ? The answer , I guess , depends on what you 're talking about .
a baby sitting in a high chair eating the last of his food . `` I really love this place… I have been there before , '' said the woman who asked not to be named . `` I 've been there
a modern bathroom features a shower as well as a shower stall . The two-bedroom apartment also has a laundry room . The unit is located in the same building . The apartment will be demolished after the
a girl wearing a dress stands facing a wall , and the crowd claps . `` You 've got to stay here , '' the woman yells . `` The police will beat you up . '' The crowd cheers ,
an old propeller airplane that is on its way to flying . The new aircraft was built by Dassault Aviation . The plane , which is about the size of a small car , can be carried by passengers ,
a fighter jet flying through a sky above the northern Gaza Strip where a bomb was discovered in the air on Sunday . The Israeli military said four women and two children had been killed and at least two more people were
two photos of a person riding a bicycle . A person was arrested in the case , but was not charged , the prosecutor said . The incident happened in the 2200 block of South Main Street in South
two airplanes are parked on the landing strip , in the midst of the parking lot , which is a short walk from the airport , and is the largest parking lot in the city . It is where we have the first public
there is a table filled with foods such as chocolate and coffee that are not necessarily good for you . If you 're looking for delicious coffee , try the chocolate chip cookies . They 're not only a great source of
a long car car is green and has a red hood . The vehicle is parked at 10:00 am . The car is marked `` C4 '' on the side of the road . A police investigation is ongoing
a motorcycle is sitting next to a beach during a recent vacation . In the background , a crowd of about 150 people were cheering when a man stood in the middle of a group of people marching to the beach .
two elderly people are sitting on a city council house in east London that has a view of the future skyline . A man , a woman and two children are waiting before a train arrives at the train depot .
a woman is riding an orange sports motorcycle , carrying an American flag , outside the Grand Bank of Japan where she was arrested on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organization . The woman told police she had been in the
a cow standing in the grass by the side of the road . Another man , a police spokesman said , was also arrested for the crime . The man 's wife said her husband was `` furious ''
a woman with red hair wearing a blue suit , wearing a pair of long pants , and with a dress of black . She was wearing a gold-colored t-shirt with a light blue ribbon . She wore a red
nice bathroom has a large white bath tub with two shower stalls . I have the bathroom with a large shower stall for about $ 30 . There is also a large refrigerator , which can store up to 500 bottles of water .
a low flying pane lands in the umpires ' hands . The umpires were initially given the opportunity to intervene but were told the situation had reached a breaking point and they could not intervene .
a toilet sitting in a bathroom on top of our couch , and I 'm like , `` This is the best toilet I 've ever owned . '' And then I 'm like , `` The best toilet I 've ever owned
there are pans on the stove and one on the stove top . The pans are also very sturdy . After using the pans for two weeks , I was so happy with the result . I have always used this as
an older couple sitting on a bench talking about his love of hockey . `` I was like , 'Man , this is really great , ' '' he said . `` You guys have a family , you guys have a job
a blue bicycle with a bottle holder and a pair of shoes . He says he never made a mistake . `` I 'm not a good cyclist . I 'm not good at this kind of thing , '' said Mr .
a red kitchen with metallic appliances and paintings by E.C. , the most popular artist in Los Angeles . His favorite part is the restaurant and its location . The best part about the hotel is that it is owned
a bathroom scene with focus on the toilet . The video was posted on Facebook , with some comments including : `` It 's a shame that this has been taken down . It 's just something we 've been trying to
white passenger bus passing through a city street in New York . In the midst of protests , the New York State Attorney General 's office launched an investigation into the traffic stop , which happened on an intersection .
a parked red motorcycle a fence and some people started throwing rocks and bottles at the police . The mayor said he was still in the process of making the decision to remove the fence , as many had been trying to
several motorcycles and cars parked on a side street in the street . Police have said three people were injured , one in critical condition , and a third was in a serious condition at a hospital . Police
a guy rides a bike in a race . You know , it 's kind of a weird idea . But there are people who ride bikes . And I think that 's what people should be doing . But you know
elderly couple sitting on black city blocks . But they say that it 's not just a matter of who 's doing their bit , it 's about who 's doing what . `` We 're all about
large woman on the back of on orange sedan at I-40 , then a red car as the driver passed her on I-40 . He then pulled over and the driver was pulled over for speeding . The car ran
entrance to a building with a black roof , which is only a few blocks away from the building 's entrance . The building was recently renovated and is now a `` green space '' with a vibrant green space ,
a plan sitting on top of a sandy lot , and they 're not going to let it go or any other kind of problem because of what it 's going to do to the ground . So , this plan was a very
a tiled bathroom with a glass walkway . `` This is a great way to go off the beaten path and experience your own unique style of home decor , '' she said . The idea is to help people who
a bathroom with a sink cabinet shower and a shower head . He says he was at the hospital because he was having trouble sleeping . `` It felt like I was in a hospital bed with a broken foot
a blue motorcycle is parked on the street . The driver of the motorcycle is wearing a black sweatshirt and a black T-shirt with a white necktie with the words 'Black Flag ' on it . The man in
small toilet with silver walls and white appliances . `` I was very concerned , because I wanted to be a good person and I had a lot of work to do , '' he said . `` I was working
a long row of motorcycles parked along a busy street . `` It 's like a big house on wheels , '' said the man , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media .
a small child plunging a toilet in between the sink and toilet bowl was a `` disappointing '' decision , according to the medical report . The infant was born with a `` very small '' head circumference
a large orange cat sitting in a white tarp . He was a tall , slender , and muscular man , with a short stature , with a thin , round nose , and a long , black hair that tied
large hotel with bright neon lights in a small , industrial building , just outside the city . A year and a half ago , I met the city 's leading architect , the late Joseph O'Donnell , who was
a bench along a sidewalk in the winter of 1992 . It was there that the first of many of the first people to arrive at the hospital , Dr. John D. Gollop , a longtime friend , visited ,
small kitchen with white appliances and white cabinets . It was a quiet , quiet , quiet place . I had a large amount of time , but it was also quite busy . I was worried about the situation , but I didn
a shot of a street with a small amount of smoke rising from the street . `` It 's like a movie , '' he said . `` It 's a good movie . It 's a great film . '' A group of
a cow hastily crossing a road outside of a local government building , in this case a municipal government building . The cow was carrying a backpack full of cigarettes , which she had taken with her , and was crossing the road to
an older couple sitting on a public bench in front of a statue of the emperor . The man 's wife asked him to leave , according to reports . After he left , he called police , who arrested
a kitchen scene with focus on the ovens and the kitchen countertop . This is the first time I have been to the kitchen . I walked outside that morning and saw a huge crowd of people . The kitchen is large
a subway station with a parked subway train running through it . In October , local residents protested against the shutdown of the Yekaterinburg-based Russian company Rostec for violating the company 's labour regulations .
a fighter het flying up in the sky . And he is going to do it . It is a wonderful thing to see and it is a very exciting thing to see that he would not want to do it .
a person getting on a bus that has a driver named 'Boomer ' standing next to him . The driver , who is apparently a woman , says he 's the leader of the group and ca n't be stopped .
photograph of police motorcycles lined up along a road . He was taken to the hospital . The driver , who is not considered a suspect , was charged with speeding and recklessly endangering safety . The
a border collie herds three sheep toward the other side of the border . They have a wide variety of breeds and some are bred on the opposite side of the border from one another , and the sheep are found in most
a living room scene with a couch and a set of television sets . `` Oh please , I 'm not going to let you fuck this thing up . I was thinking about something like that but I 'm not going
a person holding up a piece of banana . He then takes the other piece , and puts it back in the basket , and when he has finished , he puts it back in the basket . '' He added that if
a toilet sitting outside with plants growing inside . `` So the person who was in their place , and the one who was with them , '' says Haverford . She says she hopes for a better understanding of the
a table topped with plastic containers filled with water , which are then placed on a heating pad . `` It 's a really simple recipe that you can use for a variety of applications . If you are using a lot
a street with some cars a bus and a motorcycle . I 've seen these guys , we went down the street and they were like , `` What are they doing on a Sunday night ? '' They were like , `` We 're
a squadron of four fighter jets flying through the skies of the Soviet Union , which is also flying a large number of U.S. and U.K. military aircraft . The U.S. Navy has also been
a table is filled with many snacks and drinks . The restaurant is also in a very beautiful location . 9 . The B & B The B & B has a very unique menu for its cocktails . This
a large hairy dog on a leash next to a dog . The dogs in this photo are two male dogs . This may have been a female dog , or maybe a male , but most likely it was a male
this bathroom has a toilet , a metal door , a bathroom sink , and two other bathrooms and has a few other amenities you might not see elsewhere . So what does this mean for your bathroom ? First off ,
a panoramic picture of a bathroom , bathroom , and shower . `` I 'm really sorry this took so long , but I 'm so glad that it did , '' she said . `` I was trying to explain
a man walking down a street smoking a cigarette . This is a man who has been drinking . This is a man who has been drinking . This is a man who is a very drunk and
a group of people riding motorcycles on a path on the campus of the University of Arizona . The group did not report to police . The incident occurred about 12:30 p.m. on the side of the
a large passenger jet flying over an airport in Tehran that hit security forces . The flight involved a Russian passenger jet carrying about 1,500 people , according to Iranian news agency IRNA . The official Iranian
a clean white toilet with the toilet seat back in place . The door has a clean white toilet seat in the end , a clean white toilet seat in the inside , and a clean white toilet seat on the top of the
a line of neon colored motorcycles parked in the driveway of the home , and a blue , black , and white motorcycle with a white stripe on it and a black , white , and white motorcycle with a white stripe on it
some cars on a road with some buildings and vehicles on a road with some buildings and vehicles on a road . The law also states that the driver must have a valid driver 's license or citizenship card . A vehicle
a man and woman sitting on a bench with their heads bent in the sand . `` You and your wife 's lives are not worth what you put in your pocket , '' he said . The girl called him
a woman riding an orange motorcycle on a highway in the east of town , and her husband on the other side . They were trying to take their daughter to school . `` You know what ? She was like that
a person holding up a smart phone to a person holding a phone to a person holding a phone to a person holding a phone to a person holding a phone to a person holding a phone to a person holding a phone to
a kitchen with a table with lots of kitchen utensils . The kitchen is large with tables and chairs , but sometimes it 's a little too large . The kitchen is a mess and the bathrooms are pretty messy
a toilet with a light blue cover next to it . The door opens into a large room . Inside is a tiny room , with a couple of small children sleeping together . In the middle of the room is an enormous bed
a man holding a small banana in his hand , I think . I looked at him a while later , and said , `` You 're right . I think you 'll like it . I mean , you have to
a small kitchen has a stove and a stove top . If the stove is full , the kitchen is covered in snow . There are two kitchens at the base of the mountain , one in the center of the mountain
a street sign on a corner of a residential street . `` I 've been there a few times , and people are getting arrested if they see someone walking down this street , '' she said . `` And when they 're
a vase with red flowers is sitting on top of each other and the light is on the top of the flower and the red flower is floating off top of the flower . `` In the middle of the garden
people are standing near an airplane on the runway . The wind , however , is blowing right over them . The other passengers are all on the ground . The FAA has issued a statement : Our National Air
a tiled hotel bathroom contains a basin with a bowl , a toilet , a towel , and a bed . In addition to all of the amenities of this room , the bathtub has a sink , a shower , and
there is a bathroom with a bath tub , a toilet , and a sink for use in the kitchen and bathroom of one of the bedrooms . We have a kitchen where a washing machine and hot water can be used . We
there is a cow crossing the street in front of the house . He is trying to put out a fire , but the fire is starting to spread so he ca n't get out . So when he goes to get a fire
there are three urinals in the bathroom . There are two in the bathroom , and one is in the bathtub . The other person has a toilet bowl . In the bathroom , there are two other urinals . A
handicapped restroom with open toilet and the same bathroom as the toilet on the floor . The owner of the bathroom is a man named David Binder . Binder says he was cleaning his home from
the friends are standing around a kitchen table in their underwear . The couple , who live in a small home on the Upper West Side , are trying to find a way to keep their kids from falling into the clutches of
a motor bike is parked next to a parked vehicle at a local grocery store Saturday , May 10 , 2015 in Seattle . The homeless man was found alive on the street by a passerby , police said . ( AP Photo
a giraffe is nursing its young in the zoo , with its first child , a giraffe named Jibber , in a small enclosure on Thursday . ( Photo : Courtesy of The Zoo ) Mountain lions
a man is on the motor bike with his wife , daughter and their five children . They are being held in a small cell in a nearby building . Mr Bonsalves has been charged with causing
there is a party with people laughing all night long , and I 'm not sure if I 'm the only one feeling the same way . '' Some of the attendees , like the city councilman , were also impressed by
a boy sitting in front of cake fashioned from an egg . In the morning we left for the airport to celebrate our anniversary and we were greeted by our family and friends . I think it was the first
a man turns his back to his mirror and sees a woman in a white polka-dot outfit . `` Why are you there ? '' she asks . `` I was looking for a place to sleep ,
a construction area with a road sign for a public holiday . A few days later , the building was again closed to traffic , but this time for a traffic light at the corner of E. 1st Street and
two beds inside of a large hotel room . `` We are extremely grateful to the police and the local community for their assistance , '' the statement read . The investigation has been launched and remains under way .
a surfboard attached to the top of a car . The car 's front end is wrapped in a flap , and there are two of each pair of wings . The car 's rear end is wrapped in a flap
a toilet with toilet paper nearby in a public space , and the owner of the same place said they do n't want the area to be used as a place for gay weddings . `` No one 's going to touch
a memorial park bench with two pots of rice . The park benches are used by the park 's staff to assist during the daily routine and in the evening . `` We need to be there to raise awareness
there is a toilet in the coner hole and we put his penis in there , '' says the reporter . `` He says he was in the restroom and he said he was going to masturbate and that he was going to
two white vehicles , one a car the size of a large car , a third a motorcycle , two buses , two trailers , several trucks , and a van . The vehicle was a small , three-door sedan
a giraffe and its kid in a zoo has been photographed at the zoo after visiting a herd of elephants in the Philippines . The elephant , named Kari , was photographed on Thursday , December 31 , as part
a lot of city cop bikes are lined up , '' he said . `` If they got to that intersection they 'd find it a lot less crowded and they 'd be able to park , '' he added . Police
a baby in a high chair food all over the place , but I was told a pregnant woman would n't be able to get in the car without a permit . I took my daughter home for a visit , and
a cat is sitting near a toilet seat and is looking at a paper towel . The cat stops in front of the toilet seat , reads the paper towel , and then stares at the towels for a few seconds .
a city bus is on the street coming up . `` I 'm going to be on the bus . I 'm going to be there , I 'm going to be there . `` I 'm going to be
a narrow hallway with a toilet in the corner . As he walks through the door , a second woman comes in . She holds a large knife and a short sword . The women are trying to talk to him ,
a kitchen with a sink , bottles , plastic bowls and a fridge . I could see from the kitchen the water temperature was very high which was the reason I was looking for a place to live . I got a
a man standing in a stone based kitchen . We walked by . `` A man was walking across the street a short distance but suddenly , he was in front of us . He was holding the knife and his face
a white toilet with a black seat sitting on top . He was wearing black , which looked a lot like that of his grandfather , and his beard was white . `` The first time I saw you , I thought
a group of mopeds passing on his DNA to a third party . His father , who has a second wife , has been arrested for murdering a three-year-old boy in the same manner and taking
yellow , white and blue airplane flying over the horizon . The story , which is still being told by the airline , is that the pilot is being pursued by a group of men who are looking for someone to kill
a bathroom with a soap dispenser , I do n't care how much I love it , I love it if it 's a good choice . I have a boyfriend who loves it for his wife , and I know that the
a rather portly woman crosses a city street with a car . The next day , the man was arrested for being part of a gang whose members also targeted a black man by shooting him and injuring him .
a man in full gear stands next to one of the cars , holding his hand out . The man holds the car in his left hand . He is holding it in his right hand . He is holding it in his left
a commercial kitchen bus line with men standing outside of the restaurant . They say that a woman had been stabbed to death in the parking lot . The suspect is described as a black male from the area of
many people walk down a busy street at night , and they 're still in the dark , '' said Hennepin County Sheriff 's Sgt . Mark O'Rourke . `` It 's really hard for them to
there is a toliet with a little bit of a twist . It 's the best thing about the whole thing . '' For more on the new version of the game , check out our review . The
a cat is sitting under a white vehicle . The white car looks like a white car , but the cat is in a different car altogether , or at least in the same spot . Advertisement What is the
a large kitchen with light wooden cabinets and cabinets . The kitchen itself contains four bedrooms and eight bathrooms . The interior is mostly white and is made of recycled stainless steel . The kitchen has a large dining area with two
a messy baby eating in a baby seat . The idea is a fun way to get your baby to do what she loves doing , even if that means being the one who eats up all the food . The idea is to
a sheep dog is herding three lambs for every three lambs being caught . `` They will run through the field like a pack of wolves and will try and kill you once or twice , '' he said .
a bathroom that includes a toilet , sink , and a toilet seat . The school has been forced to pay for the repairs that cost $ 40,000 . Last year , the school board received $ 3
a kitchen that includes a stove , ovens and a sink . The kitchen is easy to set up , and you can use any kitchen utensil you 'd like . We recommend using a kitchen utensil like a
a brick building with a clock tower at the back . An image posted by CTV Edmonton ( @ ctvewsmonton ) on May 30 , 2015 at 12:45am PDT '' I was a little
a tv set is in the lving . And the next thing is that we have to open the console . Once you do , all the programs will be displayed . The only exception is the `` C : \Program
a toilet at a hospital with several health workers . The women were then taken to a private hospital . The investigation is ongoing . A medical team of eight specialists has been sent to the hospital .
a police officer rides a motorcycle next to a man accused of killing an elderly couple in the same village in West Bengal last month . The case of the widow of the deceased , who died in a car accident in
a living room with furniture and a small kitchen . The owner is a professional chef with an extensive background in cooking , and he has been known to cook at home for years . His kitchen is set on a nice hill ,
a few people sitting by a busy street may not have been aware of the possibility of the possibility of a second LTR . A few seconds later , a bus carrying students was also stopped in front of the L
a cat is peering out from behind a curtain . She looks from the ceiling to the back of the room as she looks at the man that 's sitting across from her . She looks away . `` He 's
a bathroom has a bathtub , sink , and shower . There 's also a shower stall with a toilet seat , and a bathtub . The bathroom is located in the bathroom . If you 're not
person standing under a pedestrian crossing sign on a city street . This law , however , is so broad that it is an important step toward passing by the streets in some communities . It 's also an important step toward
the bathroom is very clean and also empty and well lit . ) You can check the bathroom here to see if it 's open . It 's a big , nice , modern , elegant building with a beautiful view of the
view of a bathroom with while tiles and other furniture were removed from the main room , and the toilet was then replaced by a bathroom with a sink and a shower , all in the back of a van . It
several cars are traveling on a city-wide road . The city is looking for volunteers for the new project and said it will take about two months to complete the project . The city hired a contractor
a man and woman are riding a motorcycle in a crowded cafe in the city of Lidl . A man and woman are riding a motorcycle in a crowded cafe in the city of Lidl .
the ground and bench are covered with snow . The walls around the field are covered , but the field is mostly covered in snow . The snow and ice that fall onto the field is a bit too dense for the
a small child eating a cake with its head on the bottom and then playing with it . This is a very unusual occurrence . The next day , we were in the market and the woman stopped us and asked ,
a canopy is over the entrance to a tunnel . The tunnel opens to the left . The entrance is a little wider than the entrance to the cave entrance . The tunnel is under a wooden fence that leads to the
picture of a kitchen with some plants and a few other plants . You may need a bit of extra space so that it can be accessed from the counter . There is a small tree at the bottom of the stairs
a cat sitting in a bowl on a table . The cat is usually a tiny bit longer than most cats and can be easily mistaken for a cat . Cats that are not kittens are called cat-dads
a group of dirt-bikers racing toward a high-speed chase . The group of dirt-bikers , called the P.C . 's , ran into a police car , and a male suspect was
a person holding an air-phone on a person under the age of twenty-one years , including an air-phone operator . ( c ) The person shall use a air-phone operator 's license and permit
a living room with furnishings and a room for five . This is the same room that he had in his room and we have a bathroom in it . One of the first things he told me was about the
a sunny beach has three airplanes facing the runway , and the two of them are looking out over the ocean . The flight path is a little different . The first plane to turn left is the Boeing 7
a person riding a motorbike on a public road in the same direction is liable for a fine of up to RM10,000 . Solicitor-General Acting Counsel R.S
a computer with a webcam in front of it . In the middle of the room , at the bottom of the screen is a video camera attached to the rear of the car . After the driver has been notified of
a baby is having fun playing with his father 's toy. < |endoftext| > This article contains spoilers for the upcoming episode of The X-Files . `` Are you in danger of being shot by the aliens ? '' We
someone is holding a cordless phone over your head and you want him to be able to read your emails . If you 're using an email client , your email client should be able to connect to your account and
a boy puts his arm around a girl who 's standing on the opposite side of the room where the car was parked . On the other side of the room , the girls are still trying to get out of the
a mess sits on the floor of an empty house in the east of town . In the past , I 've seen it as a `` mystery '' that no-one had ever been told . The house was
a snow covered wood bench in a park . But there 's another way to look at this . It 's a sort of `` big picture '' model of what 's going on here . For one thing , it 's
fighter jet with afterburners on flying up , and a single laser at the end of it . The airship was then forced to drop a massive bomb on the town of Gorgon , killing all of the villagers
there 's not much room in these tiny rooms . They 're in the same place , but they 're only a couple of feet apart . They 're just a little bit different . '' The two men are not from far
a little cat sitting in a bathroom sink . `` I was just like , 'What are you doing ? ' `` she says . `` I 'm like , ' I do n't know if I can handle this . ' ``
the inside view of a large decorated church at the site of the battle of the Bosporus in 1220 . It was constructed by two men from the family of a Roman governor in the town of Lemberg ,
a row of bikes and mopeds is now on display in her house , where she has a few of her own . `` I am really happy that I got my bike and I have been able to help
a bench with a memorial plaque and flowers in the lobby . The group moved into the community after a long struggle with alcohol and drug use . In the early 1980s , while living in the city ,
a plane is standing on the tarmac looking for a pilot . He 's sitting on a chair with a seatbelt on , he 's looking at the computer screen and he 's looking at the map for the city . He
there are two rolls of toilet paper and you can place them on the floor or on a table , but you can get the toilet paper in a different order of presentation , and it 's not a good idea to put the
a small bathroom is in the middle of a street . `` It was just completely deserted , '' she says . But that 's not what happened to me . I had been playing around , talking to people who had been
bathroom with tiled floor , radiator and a radiator . I had to get my eyes on the shower because it was the most expensive floor in the house . I did n't really have a good view of the rest of
a young man riding in a cart attached to a bicycle . `` I do n't remember seeing him , but I know he was in the vehicle , '' said the witness , who asked not to be named .
a boy with a book sitting on a shelf with a picture of George W. Bush . The man is pictured in his white t-shirt . He is dressed in a black vest and black pants . He has
a small bathroom with a mirror , a sink and a toilet . The new building , called the 'Tombstone ' , was built in the 1930s . It was demolished in the early 1960s. < |endoftext| > This
a tiny banana with a woman peeling off it . This is also the first time that this has ever been done before . The woman was really excited to have the banana as she had been trying to peel an egg y
two people sit closely on a subway train in Tokyo on October 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai The Tokyo Metropolitan Government , which oversees trains , trains and subway services , said on Monday that it had
a group of people gather in a kitchen in front of a restaurant in the town of Gao . The incident occurred when a group of people were caught in a `` blackout '' situation , and the police were
person in jacket riding a bicycle on a sidewalk . We are a volunteer-run organization . Bikes are our daily companion for our local community . We are also volunteers on a number of other bike projects
a kitchen with a stove a dihille for a stovetop , a bed and a chair , a bookcase and a refrigerator . The kitchen was built from the same materials as the kitchen , so a lot
a white tiled bathroom with black countertops and dark leather flooring . The bathroom is a nice little closet with a white flooring , and a small closet with two large closets . The bedroom is a
a bath room with a toilet a sink and a shower . The place was so dirty that he thought he was going to die . `` It was like I was in a movie , '' he told the New York Daily
a street sign in a construction area pointing the way to a parking garage on the north side of the street . On Sunday , the police said they stopped a black and Latino man who was walking home on West Main
cat standing in toilet next to a tile floor . There are now 5,927 total homes in the UK , compared to 878 in 2010 . However , the number of homes with no one living
a domo laying on a toilet seat in front of her . `` I 'm still angry about this , '' she told BuzzFeed News . `` I have a lot of questions for you , and I 'm not sure you
a clock in the wall of a building . The clock was brought to the roof and placed inside a room in the building . The clock was placed in the wall of the room . The clock
a wooden bench covered with snow , and a snowman . The last of the two teams left . And the third was off the road . And so the sun was shining in the snow .
a toilet next to a brick wall and it 's a big problem , '' said Giffords . The water tank of the former home has been painted with an orange `` I 'm Not here to hurt anybody '' sign
a close up of a kitten under a microscope . The study comes as the government moves to introduce anti-pileptoping drugs to stop the spread of HIV in the United States and other parts of the world
two men in blazers and fedoras , and a few more with swords . The first was the young man , who had been sent to the camp by the Lord , and who , under the orders of
two boys in the rain , one of whom is now a teenager , and at least five people on the pavement and a couple of people in the street . There are two other children still missing , but they have
a kitchen with a table a stove and a small fridge . It 's a simple kitchen , a little bit of a mess but very simple . I mean , it 's a little messy , it 's not that bad , you
a person walking along a lake with a dead dog . One man , who asked not to be named , said he had not seen the dog but was walking on the shore when he spotted its shadow .
a parade with a motorcycle cop in the background . `` I was just getting ready to get the job done , '' he said . Lacey said the city 's budget was n't used to getting money for the parade .
a young boy cuts a cake designed to make him happy for the first time . The cake is made from a piece of meat . The young boy 's eyes are opened and he sees his friends and family watching as they eat
a line of police motorcycles line a city street . A police officer from the Los Angeles Police Department , responding to the scene of a crime scene in the 900 block of North High Street , has been shot in the
a horse and horserace holing , and on the other hand , a horse and horserace carapace , and on the other hand , a horse and horserace arches , and on the other
a lady crosses a street as cars drive by . The white vehicle 's headlights are on , and the rest of the car is parked in the street . The white car is speeding by , and the black car is getting closer
small grey and white cat sticking its head out of the window . `` What are you doing , Mr . Robot ? '' `` Get away from me ! '' `` How are you ? You 're getting away
a bathroom scene with focus on the toilet seat . The woman then turned to take a shower and noticed that the woman had a little more on her body than she should have . She then began to take off her
a man sitting in front of the pen , who in turn sits in front of the pen . I want to know what is wrong with me . I 'm trying to move toward the door , but I
a bathroom with a toilet and a stand . The first thing you notice is that the water is still running through the wall . The second thing is that there is a small amount of water running through the wall .
a brown tiled bathroom with a large , wide-open bathroom . This is also the first bathroom that I have experienced in a public place . I was amazed at how well the bathroom was built . The wall was covered
a very used and dirty harley david jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel jdaniel
a group of people wearing skis on the beach were killed in a shootout with police , AFP/Getty 22/50 1 September 2018 A Utair-operated Boeing 737-800 which skidded off the runway and
small motorcycle with several bicycles tied to the side of the vehicle , and a small truck with a small front tire , all equipped with heavy metal bars . The vehicle was carrying a number of items , including the following : a
small barn area with several white gallon buckets , some of them on the floor , and some of them on the floor . The buckets are quite large , and they will have to be removed . I was able to
a large commercial airplane is parked for luggage and storage at a hangar at the Hays International Airport in Houston . Hide Caption 11 of 24 Photos : Photos : Hurricane Harvey Harvey hits Texas More than 1,800 people have been
a before and after shot of a bathroom mirror in which two women were seen grabbing the man 's head , police said . The man was taken to the hospital , where he later died . The shooting happened
a living room with a tv a couch , two large dining and living rooms , and a bathroom . The room has a large , open kitchen and a small bathroom with a shower and a sink . The bathroom also has a
modern kitchen with wooden floor areas and several kitchen surfaces on the front door . If you 're planning on renting a space , you should consider an open space with a well-designed bathroom . That 's not to say
someone is recording a scene in front of you and watching it on your iPhone or iPad . The trick is to remember where you 're at with your music . It 's your iPhone or iPad . It 's your iPhone
a small baby giraffe nurses from it to avoid being eaten by the lions . A female giraffe has a very large jaw , and her lower jaw is slightly higher than her shoulder . A giraffe can be a great
three motorcycles sitting next to an rv , a small car with a rear tire , and an older , less-than-intelligent BMW . With a four-speed manual transmission , the BMW M3 has a range
kitchen has nice new appliances and red-light cameras . What 's your favorite thing about the new Apple Watch ? Let us know in the comments below. < |endoftext| > The new Apple Watch has been released . Here 's
an empty street and signals that are red with a faint rainbow . The road to the city centre is packed with people , many of them young , from all walks of life , from the middle class and lower middle
an intersection of two streets in a city with no one to drive to pick up a child . A white police officer with a badge shot and killed the teen in an apparent attack on a black teen .
a large commercial airplane is taking off the runway of one of the world 's busiest airports , and at least seven people have died from the cause . `` The plane is a disaster of historic proportions , '' said Al-
a white plane is going low to make it easy on the enemy and the enemy will be able to use it again , '' B.H . wrote . `` When a plane is in a position to follow the enemy , it
a city street corner sits empty from people 's eyes . As for the surrounding , the city of St. Louis has a reputation for its pedestrian-friendly beaches and open spaces . But when it comes to the downtown
a white structure with a building in the middle . It can be seen in the left of the map as it is in the middle of the main structure . The building is on the left of the map , but in the
a kitchen has all white appliances and cabinets , like those in the kitchen of a great restaurant , but this kitchen can make a huge difference in the kitchen of a great restaurant . A kitchen that includes all white appliances
a group of cars on a street with a group of people in the car . As a result , the police officers were forced to go to the roadside in front of the scene . A few hours after
a bathroom with a toilet on tiled floors , a kitchen with a bathroom on the third level , and a bathroom on the first level . It 's the sort of thing you 'd expect to find at an art gallery .
a blue motorcycle parked in front of a local McDonald 's restaurant . It took us several minutes to reach them and when we did , they told us it was an Uber , and we were left stranded . The store was full
two people on mopeds passing in front of the house . The boy was then hit in the head by a brick which caused him to fall to the ground . He was rushed to Rochdale Hospital where he was
a bathroom is decorated in red and neutrals . The interior is decorated in pink and violet with the words 'Cinderella ' and 'Lemonade ' . The kitchen is decorated in purple with the
a kitchen has marble counters , stainless appliances , a stainless counter , and a stainless counterboard . The kitchen has a large outdoor patio and a private patio . There is a private patio on the second floor of the kitchen and
three older people sitting in a kitchen with their feet on the table or just looking at the TV . '' The other two said they were going to work the night shift . `` I think we should just tell
a panorama shot of a bathroom with a glass shelf . As you can see the bathroom is a huge part of the project . A few of the bathrooms are still in use . A few
woman with cellphone and red suitcase standing in the middle of the parking lot of the hotel , and the police said she was carrying on a fight . The woman , who was not identified , was arrested and charged with
an orange in a bowl on a lake to be fried . This might be the hardest dish I 've ever made , but it 's the easiest one to make . The only thing I do differently is chop up half
a gas burning oven in an almost vacant building in the city center . A few kilometers away , in nearby Shatila , a Palestinian school in the center of the city , a Palestinian student threw a bottle at
a group of people riding motorcycles down the hill , and it was a very brave , courageous guy but it was a very dangerous situation . His name is John . I 've always been a big fan of John 's .
a guy takes a picture of an empty apartment building . `` I do n't think there 's anything wrong with that , '' he says . `` If people want to do that , they should do it . But I do n't think
a small airplane is flying in the clear , this is because the winds are so strong that it will blow the airplane into a wall . The fact is that there is a huge number of wind-borne debris .
this bathroom and counter are very standard for women . It is not uncommon for me to be in the bathroom a lot and I do n't want to be in the bathroom that often . If I 'm going to be in the
a space has been made to install a new version of the new game engine , as it 's going to be the first game in its series to support both PS4 and PC platforms . `` The PS4 and
a moped parked in front of a U.S . Postal Service building in Washington , D.C. , on Jan. 30 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas '' It 's a great day for all of
a red light is a wonderful contrast to the sun 's blue light . You can also use the same approach to the Moon . The Moon 's blue light is the light that is emitted from the Sun 's moon when the Earth
corner of a street with various buildings that are built on the ground . After the explosion , the police had to retreat to a small area of the street and , after two days of fighting , they decided to
man turning his back on his own reflection . He would not make his own judgment . He would be his own man . He would be a man who was a man of faith and love and acceptance and courage . He would
man holding a metal bowl at the table . `` The only thing I am sure of is that it was my fault , '' he said . `` I was not involved in this . I 'm sure I gave my consent
a man races a horse on a dirt track on the outskirts of the city which is often considered a tourist destination . The area is the home of a number of local businesses , including a cafe , a nightclub , a restaurant
a hand is holding a very small banana . A friend of mine was one of the young men who was arrested for the crime . He was a very good person . We have had to get him to
a bathroom showing the bathtub and the stairs in his car He would also have had a large amount of money for clothes . The two women , who are now married , are due to have their first
people are presenting food on a table in front of them , '' said Rolfe . `` It 's not just about eating , it 's about the way we use it . This is the first time people have been
a passenger train traveling through rural mountain countryside is shot down by the Soviet Union . This is an extremely dangerous situation , we know . The Soviets have just completed their final attempt to rescue the passenger train , but the passenger train
a person walking down a walkway next to a pool , for example . The number of people who are killed by gunfire in the United States each year is estimated at 3,000 . Of those , about 1
a restroom filled with graffiti and two toilet stalls . The man has been charged with a hate crime . Police and the FBI are investigating . Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved .
a row of boats on a river next to the river Suez Canal near the Vatican , on June 28 , 2011 . ( AP Photo/Sergei Mironov , File ) ( Photo : EPA )
a jet with smoke pouring from its wings , a black cloud of smoke rising from its left wing . Taken together , its two main wings , three long wings , and four tail fins are covered in a thick
a man in a jean jacket riding a motorcycle , and the man was arrested on suspicion of felony assault and battery . The woman was also charged with felony assault and battery , police said . The woman
a black and white photo of a child playing in a park . `` We are not going to be able to have a conversation about this on social media . We are going to have to get real . ''
a man holding a phone in his left hand as he looks at a photo of himself with a wife and children . `` I 'm tired of being judged , '' he said . The suspect has been described as
three airplanes and people on an ocean beach . '' The two men , who live in a small town in northeast China 's Fujian province and are also listed as owners of a farm in southwestern China 's Yunnan province
boats on a canal of water going between the two islands . It was about 500 yards from shore . The sailors were trying to avoid the water , but they were unable to do so . The boat was going up a steep
gray and white cat hiding underneath a toilet . `` I 'm going to help her out , '' she says , `` but I 'm not sure she 'll like it . It 's not a cute cat , which is why
black and white photo of a scooter , it 's hard to see the point in using it for the camera . The thing is , the cameras are so big that they 're almost invisible . A few years ago
three motorcycles parked near a recreational vehicle . A large man in a white truck with a black tie walks past the scene of a homicide in the 1000 block of West Main Street . A man in a white
a metal building with buckets and barrels inside a warehouse where workers were being housed by the Department of Defense after the raid . The Pentagon said in a statement that the truck was carrying munitions and `` some of the cargo
two benches near a tree under the shade of a nearby rose . ' I 'm so happy . I 'm so happy , ' he said as his wife and son watched . But the man was not alone .
a simple blue bathroom with only one toilet for each of the two floors . There are two baths and a large , well-lit and comfortable indoor pool with plenty of space for drinking and dancing . The bathroom was
a man holding matches and a cigarette in one hand and a pair of sunglasses in the other . `` I am a Christian who does n't believe in the separation of church and state , '' he said . `` I don
smiling people wearing formal clothing standing together . The scene was filmed in New Zealand where the group was filmed in the woods . A woman was seen throwing a cigarette at police officers as they approached a man
a close up of a person driving a vehicle , which is the subject of the test . ( 2 ) The test may be conducted by a person who has been convicted of a serious offence under this part or a
a small airplane flying over a field filled with trees and grass , when the plane came to an abrupt stop , the pilot was dead . The police found the body of a man , aged in his 30s , in the
two giraffes in field near Tbilisi , Georgia . A man has been killed and three others injured after a car ploughed into a crowd of people in central Athens on Tuesday evening .
a kitchen counter is lined with multiple objects , including a bed , a couch , and a coffee table . It has a small desk , two chairs , a large , and an antique bookcase. < |endoftext| > In the past ,
a small airplane is flying through the empty sky , and a large-scale rescue begins . The first thing we see is the plane 's engine 's power supply . The plane 's power supply is what 's
a passenger jet taking off from an airport in Karachi , Pakistan , on April 6 , 2016 . Reuters 7/6 A man carrying a baby is helped along an embankment to the United Nations in New York City on
a living room couch facing a small television , a few feet away from the couch . `` It 's not like I 'm going to be able to watch this show on the couch , '' he said . `` I 'll
the view from the inside of a jetliner . In addition to the cost of the aircraft , the company also pays for the maintenance and repair of the aircraft , which includes the purchase of the aircraft 's tail and
a city bus stops at the edge of the city . In the north , a bus stops at the edge of the city . In the south , a bus stops at the edge of the city .
a white toilet sitting under a large mirror , there was a large pool of blood that had been splashed all over the place . `` He 's been shot , '' she said . The woman was taken to
a white refrigerator freezer sitting inside of a white box with a lid so that the liquid can be transferred to the lid . This is the only place where the liquid can be removed and stored in an airtight container .
a baby giraffe drinks milk from its mother 's milk , then stops . The baby giraffe eats the milk . ( An egg is laid in the baby giraffe 's milk . ) In the book , the baby
two airplane kites fly in the blue sky , and you can see the whole point of the flying game . Now , since we 're talking about flying in the air , the idea of flying in the air is
a kitchen has an island in the center of it , and it 's pretty much exactly the same size as the kitchen , except it 's now more of an island . The island has a little garden , but I
a kitchen filled with appliances and cooking utensils . `` We are an incredibly creative and creative community of chefs , designers , builders and developers who love to create amazing things , '' said Dolan . `` We were
a large white airplane sits on the runway that is used for landing trials of the Air Force 's Super Hornet fighter jets at the Air Force Base at Edwards Air Force Base , California . The aircraft will be used to test
man in tan suit walking down a city street in Los Angeles . `` It 's not going to end there , '' he said . `` It 's going to be a lot of fun . `` < |endoftext| > There is one problem :
a large passenger jet flying over the top of the town of Kuznetsov . The plane was carrying a cargo of 20,000 tonnes of chemical and biological agents , which the Ukrainian government said was being tested
the outside of a bus station is fairly easy for the average woman to see . `` This is the first time I 've seen a driver who is very rude , '' said the man 's mother , who was not available
a small bathroom with toilet , sink , and a kitchen sink . I have also used a shower with a sink and a sink and a sink and a sink and sink . I have also used a bathroom that is located near
a dim lit kitchen with red walls and windows . The dining room has a small kitchen with a large refrigerator . The bathtub has been replaced by a small shower room . The bathroom has been replaced by a large sink .
a metal toilet with a blue seat in the middle , the first ever in the United States . The first American to use a metal toilet in the United States , `` The Metal Pit , '' was built in 1871
a lone public bench under a tree surrounded by a line of blue lights . `` The law should be made explicit that the law should be made clear that people can be arrested on the basis of a person 's beliefs
a person with a backpack is facing toward the camera , and the person with a backpack is facing toward the camera . The person with a backpack is facing toward the camera . The person with a backpack is facing toward the camera
a bath room with a bath tub and a bed . We then went to a local restaurant in the area and had a meal . He was doing his usual thing and he was not too busy . He is just a nice
a latino man riding a red motorcycle . He 's a nice guy , but he 's not a good guy , '' she said . `` He 's a big , fat man and he 's taking care of himself and he does
a bathroom has a toilet and a bowl and the kids can sit on it , too . The toilet is also accessible to the kids in the car park , so they can walk to the park . The
a kitchen has stainless steel appliances and an electric stove . It also has a fridge that you can use to store your food . The Kitchen The kitchen is located on the first floor of the residence . It
a dog chasing a group of three sheep , but the dog was too scared to run . The dog , which was named `` Sid , '' was kept in a cage at the local orphanage , the Humane Society
a bathroom viewed from far away with a camera . `` It 's definitely a big step up , '' said Mike Jones , a San Francisco-based executive with the city 's transportation department . `` The city is moving ahead
a woman standing in a kitchen next to a man who had been in the house when the man walked in . The man , who was identified as the man in the video , had apparently been walking around with his
a pair of motorcycles going down a street and running a few feet down a busy street . The two were in a car in their 20s and had been on a motorcycle trip to buy a new bike , but
a brown cat sitting inside a fancy bowl of curry . The next day , the dog was in her first day of school . He 'd been out of the house for two weeks . The next morning , he 'd
a person standing next to a bike covered in snow , which is the same as a snowboard . Some cars are equipped with snowboards , but some have no snowboards in them at all , which is common
a yellow striped cat sitting on a bathroom floor . `` We were at the zoo for the first time , and we were talking about what we should do next . We had a lot of fun . I remember looking
a motorcycle parked on a lush green field . The vehicle was found around 8:30 p.m. Saturday near the parking lot of a house in the 400 block of South South W. S. E .
a bathroom with a tub and a white wall with a white wall with a white wall . But there are no windows or windows . There are no windows or windows . And there is no one living in that room . They
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom on top of a white toilet . The incident happened in the city of Fuhrhof , near the border with Hungary . The local police said they had arrested one
a kitchen with a stove and a sink in the sink . It was a lot easier for me than it was for anybody . So , I decided to try this new and different dish : a `` Mushroom
the corner of a street with cars and people coming and going , '' he said . `` For me it does n't seem like we 're going to be able to do that . '' The city will use private donations
a kitchen with drawers , a stove , and a large kitchen sink . The kitchen is lined with a large , concrete wall and the kitchen is lined with a large concrete wall and the kitchen is lined with a large concrete
kitchen with an island stove and a microwave , and this was where I ended up . I 've been living in the house for about a week now , and I love the idea of a flat , clean , easy kitchen
a bathroom has a bad looking paint job . This is a man who has been in a car accident . He lives on the block . This man has been in the car accident . He lives on the
a man and child near a short stop for his son 's birthday . An officer approached the family but the child refused to be taken into custody , reports the New York Post . `` I guess they just saw him
two red stop lights are lit on the main street of the building . The `` Safeguard '' sign appears on the east side of the building . The building is owned by the city .
a body of water with buildings near by . It is difficult to imagine a scenario in which the whole world would be in a state of emergency . 'There are no buildings here . There is no water
a white toilet in a trendy wall paddy wagon and a flatbed van on the way to the cinema . He had a bit of a bad day , but he and his wife had a laugh and were back
a stuffed animal with its head stuck in a hole . The next day , in the midst of the night , the animal 's head came out and it was a big piece of meat like a steak or a lamb .
a lunch box with a sandwich , carrots , a side of bread and a salad . But then he goes on to make a sandwich of his own and add some cheese and tomatoes to his salad . He
a hotel room has a small kitchen and dining room on the upper floors . It 's not the most luxurious room in the whole city , but it 's an all-you-can-eat dinner , and it 's not
a white volkswagon has a surfboard hanging from the rear of its body . `` You can make it work , '' he said . `` The whole thing is pretty simple . You just need to drive it through
a small bathroom , including a commode , a desk , a toilet , and a closet . `` Our goal is to find a safe space that allows people to have a safe space that is comfortable and comfortable for
a man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road . The rider was riding at a high rate of speed , and his brakes were broken , resulting in his being struck by a bullet . The suspect was pronounced dead at the scene
the top window in a kitchen is open ) in order to see that it 's a good place to get on with your day . If you have trouble getting out of bed , you can use the stairs to get
a woman sitting on a toilet wearing pink leggings and black heels . Police are still trying to determine who was responsible for the attack . A witness , who wished to remain anonymous , told the BBC
a bathroom with a raised sink and a shower . I was in the first room , so I made a little mess . I did n't want to show people that I was n't there , and I got out of the bathroom
a group of young people riding motorcycles down a road in the middle of the night . They had been watching a movie but had never seen the film before . He said : `` I was at a party at the
a large passenger jet flying over the ocean at 3:45 a.m. on Sunday ( Oct. 29 ) as the plane crashed into the ocean off the coast of North Carolina . `` It is extremely hazardous
a motorcycle parked outside of a building with a sign saying `` Fire and Rescue . '' The driver of the van said he was driving down the road when he saw his car hit the side of the road .
people are holding fruit while on a path of destruction , '' said a spokesperson for the government of Myanmar . `` I do n't think anyone would expect the government to be so stubborn as to refuse to support the Rohingya , ''
a large cat climbing up the side of a mountain . I was in a hurry . I had only just finished my hike on the last day of the trip , and had not been able to go back in time , so
a large orange sitting on a glass plate . It 's just an expression on the paper . `` Well , I 'm very happy with what you 've come up with , but what about the other two ? ''
two large passenger jets flying over a beach in the French port city of Marseille . In a statement , the French foreign ministry said : `` A total of 19 aircraft have been dispatched to the area and it is
a cop riding on a motorcycle in front of a police car and a police gun on the passenger side . The cop 's license plate number was found in a safe . He was identified by a police officer
a red all terrain vehicle next to a wall in the ground , and this does not stop the wind from blowing away . The only way to stop the wind is a windmill . No one can stop this wind
a desktop containing various computers missing their screens . The problem for Apple is that the company is trying to build a desktop with a full-blown operating system and the need to have an operating system that can run on
a clean kitchen with hardwood floors and a full kitchen with kitchen and bathrooms on each side . The front of the building is filled with a large table of beautiful wallpaper , and a full kitchen with a full kitchen
a group of people standing around a blue-and-gold brick house with a couple of other people in it , and a couple of the kids who have been talking about the same thing . The first guy says , ``
an airplane is flying over a huge mountain high in the sky , the other two seem to be heading towards her . The two of them fly through a small mountain , and then the sky begins to narrow and the two of
a toilet has been turned on it 's owner after they discovered it had been running on water . The toilet was on its way to a nearby swimming pool and was running on water as it headed towards the lake .
two bicycles on the bicycle rack of a man who had been shot and killed by two men , and who had been arrested on three counts of attempted murder . `` It 's not a good thing , '' said the police
old fashioned car that has two surfboards , two sets of surfboards , and two skates . Each has a small set of five surfboards , two sets of skates , two sets of surfboards , and two
a young man standing in front of a bank . He 's a black man who was born in the U.S. with a criminal record and is now working for the state of Minnesota . `` I 'm not
a few people sitting on a bench feed the food to the chickens . The chickens are not fed chicken broth , which has been recommended as an alternative to chicken broth because of its low level of fat .
a large woman is riding a motor bike in front of the restaurant after someone attempted to rob her . The woman 's husband was arrested after a friend called police , and they believe a man was also inside the restaurant
orange placed in bowl next wet marsh land at the beach . The island is known as the `` Dolphin of the Sea , '' having been in the water for nearly two million years . In an online video
a refurbished pull-chain toilet in the center of the building A new construction line is being constructed ahead of construction in the city centre . The line includes a new and refurbished pull-chain toilet as well
a large passenger jet taking off from a military base in the Philippines in February 2017 . ( Reuters Photo/Carlos Barria ) A new report by the Philippine Chamber of Commerce found that the government had failed to
a bathroom filled with fixtures and a shower , and she will be dressed in her regular clothes , but will also be given a full-length haircut . `` In the beginning , she looked like a little girl ,
a jet airplane flying low with its landing gear at a high altitude . The aircraft carried around 1,400 passengers , including two pilots . The Pentagon said this afternoon that it was still investigating the incident .
a colorful airplane flying though a blue sky ? It 's easy to see that , but , this is my first attempt at a photo-realistic shot of the flying machine , and I really believe that it 's
the very large , spceous bathroom . `` This is a very nice place . I 've been here before , and this place is much nicer than I thought it would be , '' said Mark . `` I think
a man riding on the back of a truck drove along the street with his wife and children . The man , a man with a shaved head , was wearing a headband and a helmet when he was shot .
a nice clean kitchen and the cabinets are made of sturdy wood and are very clean . There are also plenty of holes for the back of the wall . I just wish I could get a picture of the kitchen sink , the
a urinal mounted to a pink wall . The urinal is the only way to find your penis . When you get the chance , you can do this by taking a look at the urinal 's interior .
a large intersection of roads in a city of less than 5,000 people . The city is currently investigating the incident. < |endoftext| > This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License
a toilet inside a stall with no lid , so he could put his hands on the toilet when he was not in there . `` I saw that there was only one toilet , '' he said . `` I thought that
passenger aircraft taking off from a runway at the same time . A plane that was flying in the same direction . A plane that was heading in the same direction . A plane that was heading
a bathroom with a white toilet and a black one . The couple took off to visit their child 's mother and daughter , who also has a brown hair and a brown eye . The woman , who was
a person in a buggy drawn by a driver or a child under 18 who is an applicant for a driver 's license . `` ( 2 ) Applicants for driver 's licenses. -- An applicant for a driver 's license under this subsection
a woman crossing a street in a crosswalk in the city of Tbilisi , Georgia , on Feb. 25 , 2015 . A man who runs a business in the eastern suburbs of Athens , Georgia , in a cross
a toilet on its side in the bushes . `` I felt like I was a child or something , '' she told the Times . `` It was just so sad , you know ? I just felt awful . ''
rough looking bathroom with peeling paint and white paint . `` I got a call from my mother , and she was thinking , 'This was one of those things I want to be involved in , ' '' said the 19
a small child riding on a blue wheel , a big kid riding a red wheel , a small teenage boy riding a red wheel , and some big boy riding a red wheel . All these are the same thing ,
a smoking jet going straight up in the air . That 's right , the pilot of this plane had already seen these guys come and go from the plane and get off the plane , take off , and land safely
a group of people sitting in a kitchen with knives and fork and holding plastic cups . They are a small group of people who are not in a hurry to eat , so they can get away from the restaurant and go to
a person in a crowd holding a camera on her hip , while she is holding a gun on her hip , and on a crowded street outside her home . Police found the gun in a bag when officers arrived .
a smiling woman sitting on a stationary motorcycle . There was someone she knew , who was on the phone to their manager . `` Hello , you guys are going to meet up with us at lunch , '' he said .
a cat looking back is sitting in a corner of the room with a bowl of soup with a fork . There are two cats waiting for him . The owner is a tall , tall man with a long thin beard . He
a man standing next to sheep on a hill in the north of Britain. < |endoftext| > The man who was sentenced to life in prison for fatally shooting his 14-year-old daughter at a convenience store in Ohio was just 18
group of people cross country skiing across snowy terrain . It will require a lot of effort to get to the summit and get to the top . But there are more than a couple of challenges ahead – like the snow
a white toilet with a white toilet seat . He was released from the hospital on Friday night and is now in custody . He is expected to be charged with assault and possession of an imitation firearm .
a bottle of sprite sitting on top of a table , while he is eating . Trivia Edit Mr. G 's name is a reference to the Japanese title of the game . Trivia Edit
a bathroom with white walls and a small sign that says `` No Smoking . '' The bar was open from December 2 to December 15 . After the first public meeting , an attorney from the group told the crowd that they
a man lighting a cigarette as he walks through the city 's historic city centre . The man , who was not identified , said : `` I saw a man approaching me and he was about to fire a rifle .
a woman standing next to two parked motorcycles , who are apparently the same people who allegedly drove over the girl in a car park . The mother reportedly told police the girl was `` trying to get out of her
a yellow smiley face cat sitting on the backseat of her car . She 's just a little younger than me , and I have a lot more respect for her than she does . She 's a little shorter
a kitchen filled with an oven a microwave , a hot-dog stand , a kitchen sink ( not to mention a kitchen sink of course ) and a dishwasher . No big deal , but there would be some things to
a couple of teddy bears placed underneath their heads in front of the building . `` This is like a family reunion , we ca n't have it in the house , '' said Scott . `` We have been here for
a bathroom with a sink and mirror and a towel in the sink . `` I was trying to get my hair cut in the bathroom , but I was just trying to get my head clean , '' she said. ``
an airplane flying through the gray sky with the airspeed of a jet engine . `` It seems like a lot of work for a kid to make a plane run over the back of his neck , '' she said .
a man riding a motorcycle down a city street . He was shot in the leg . He was found in the backyard and killed in the backyard . He was a good kid . I think he was in a bad place . ''
a bathroom with a toilet and a toilet paper locker . The girl was in a wheelchair at the time of her attack . The girl 's family has said she was wearing a white shirt and a black shirt
black and white cat sitting on a man 's lap . In the years since I 've been using this technique , I 've come to realize that it 's not to be confused with the use of a cat 's head
two people on a moving motorcycle , with no safety precautions and no one to help . Tara and her friends were able to get off the road and get to their apartment when they were attacked by the assailant .
a car dashboard with a group of brown haired girls in tow . She was in her late teens and was a student at UC Berkeley . She was a student at UC Berkeley when she was shot and killed in
a pot on top of a stove next to a hot stove . They 're not going to sit around and watch TV . The pot is high . I 'm sitting on a pot . I 'm putting a potato in
a man preparing food outside of a shop in Kolkata , India . ( Photo : Praveen Dooling ) '' To make sure we can have enough food , the government has decided it will make
a parked motorcycle sitting on the side of the road . He asked her if she could come and pick her up . She did n't say anything to him and she drove off . At the time , the RCMP said
a bathroom with a sink and television inside . She 's been living in a house on a house-owned property for 16 years . He 's been trying to get her to work for him and he 's
two gray jets are flying next to each other . The jets are all flying at different speeds in the sky . This means that there 's a lot of smoke coming out of the clouds . The images shown here were
building in a busy city lit up at night with the new light-rail line ( pictured ) The project will have two stations , one at the north end of the city and the other at the north end of
a large passenger jet sitting on top of a giant tree . The plane , which is flying on a flight from Amsterdam to Barcelona , was carrying a cargo of 6,500 tonnes of cargo . The cargo
two people riding scooter on a city street have been killed . One person has been taken to hospital with life threatening injuries . More than 20 people were injured . Police said the victims were from the area
a gray red and blue helicopter flies in the sky and they are heading towards us . The black-eyed pilot is trying to take pictures . They are looking at us from the back . They are looking at us from their
this picture looks out from the kitchen . The room was already full of food and a few of the staff were still in the kitchen making some of the dishes . I asked my sister what 's going on . she said
a man working on an intricate task while looking at the landscape for the first time . It was in this sense that the work was more important than the execution , and as such , we decided to do something much more ambitious
white counter top sink with wooden cabinets and decorative woodwork . The kitchen window was filled with decorative and handmade candles and was decorated with a few other things . One of the paintings was a small portrait of
a counter with cooking utensils in the sink – for a little bit less than $ 2.99 – and a whole jar of frozen yogurt . The whole jar of yogurt is worth $ 1.99 .
men cooking various foods on an outdoor grill , with a few of the dishes in an outdoor oven . This is a lot of food to have for dinner . Here are some of the recipes I 've put
a wooden towel rack stands conveniently next to the door or in a small corner , but this is usually a place where you can go to make sure you have the right tools , so you wo n't have to worry about getting
the interior of a public bathroom with multiple sinks . One of the most common complaints about bathroom sinks is the fact that they can leak . And they are certainly not the only ones . A recent study from
a group of people standing under an umbrella . The first person to be spotted in the area told police he had been working for a company called Logistics and Services Ltd . The second person said he had been working as a
a man and a small child in front of him , the man took out a large rock and threw it at the small child , and the other three then ran away . The man then went on to hurt the children .
a bathroom with an old fashioned toilet next to it . The only other thing I could think of was that I 'd seen a movie with the woman sitting on it . She was clearly looking forward to seeing the movie . It
a green street light in between two buildings ; the same color is used by each of the cars on the street . The vehicle in question is a white Mercedes W-Class sedan , which is parked on the right
a bathroom with a shower next to a sink , which is about 1,000 feet away . After the shower , I walked out to my car . I was wearing a sweatshirt and a T-shirt ,
a white and black bathroom a cupboard where he slept in a bed with a white woman . He had been given an open drink at the time of his arrest , but told police he did not have a problem
young calico cat hides out inside the window and snores . The cat has to be protected , but she has to stay out of the way . The cat will stay out of the way for the cat to make its
a giraffe nursing her young in a park in the central African state of Gabon . The giraffe , named after an African-American woman and adopted by the zoo , was born on September 11 , 2009
young child reads magazine while using his baby as his 'new ' family . The young boy is thought to have been raped by his mother at the age of five . The 13-year-old girl
scantily dressed women near a line of women 's restrooms . At least two women were also arrested as they tried to enter the restroom , according to reports . Authorities said they did not believe the alleged attackers were
a cutting board , pot rack and dishwasher . The above picture shows a large metal kitchen knife with a little knife at the end . When you remove the knife from the kitchen it will be easy to see the
a man is riding a red motorcycle and he 's about to be shot in the leg . A man who was riding with a fellow rider is shot to death by a bullet in the head as he lies on the
an old bathroom with peeling paint on it , he said . `` But the thing we 're talking about is this is going to be a huge challenge for him , '' he said . `` He 's got
a car parked outside of a gas station in a town square in the northern city of Sousse in March . The man , who was not named , was taken to hospital , but it is not known if he
racing motorcycle with man in blue rounds on 2nd on the bike at the track . 5.00pm : Tires are now out , and the racing is on . A massive rain storm has passed , and it
a home kitchen with a double oven and a small back room . And , in the back of a house that is no longer accessible , you can even see some of the more interesting features . The kitchen is a
someone holding their camera above the crowd in front of the door . `` I 'll see you tomorrow . You guys are a team , right ? '' The blonde man asked . `` I 'm not sure , '' said
a motorcycle police officer leads a parade on a motorcycle off the east side of the San Francisco Bay . ( Mark Lennihan/The San Francisco Chronicle ) The San Francisco Police Department is facing a national outcry over
a male and female are sitting together on a bench . They are talking , and you can hear the sound of a woman 's voice . The next level of the video shows the two women sitting on a bench in
a bathroom with white counters , wooden cabinets , and the like . When I got home , it was all over . Then I heard a gunshot . It was a real one . I saw a black man
a dimly-lit bathroom , with a very dim , slightly-lit kitchen and a large closet . The bathroom was located at a small , nondescript building in the middle of a busy street . In
a kitchen , with oven , refrigerator , and a dryer in the back so that water stays on the dish before baking . I used a 12 '' x 8 '' pan with a large , flat , open lid
a small grey kitten sitting under the wheel of a car . `` He 's my little brother , I just want to have a good life , '' she said . `` I 'm not giving up . I 'm
a split-screen , showing the same screen with a different frame rate . Advertisement The screen is also able to display an additional version of its `` Live '' mode , which displays the same graphics and audio
a table full of various pots and pans , but I think it is the best you can do . Even if you do n't plan on using any of the other pots in your kitchen , you can still use them . This
a person holding a stop sign with a message `` I 'm a police officer '' and a black police officer . The officers said the two men were armed . A few people were in the car . The
a tan bathroom a red shower curtain a red-lit room a red-lit room a red-lit room a red-lit room a red-lit room a red-lit room a red-lit room a red
a bathroom toilet with a carptetropped bathroom bathroom door on the third floor . They also used the bathroom door to wash their hands . A female inmate who went to the bathroom wearing a body armor or
many motorcycles parked on a city street near the border between Turkey and Syria . The Turkish government has denied all allegations of torture , and the Syrian government has claimed that no soldiers have been killed in the air strikes .
a busy gas station with groups of people , including some who have been waiting for more than 5 hours for gas to be delivered to them . They have been waiting for two or three hours for it to arrive , and now
a kitchen area with many pots pans and pans of various sizes . It is also a great place to buy a good variety of cheese or bread , and it is a great place to eat dinner when you go to
a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a kitchen sink . A lot of the furniture is from the old school and many of the new stuff is from the 1990s . The kitchen and fridge are all in the
a utility table in a kitchen , with a table with two chairs , and a table in the living room . There are no furniture , just a sofa , a bed , a table , a chair , a lamp , and
a white toilet sitting next to a wall ; ( c ) a white toilet sitting next to a lamp ; ( d ) a white toilet sitting next to the lamp being used by a person without the knowledge
a white cat sitting in the drivers seat . A man , who asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media outside the courtroom , was found dead in his home in the 1700 block
a mirror a tub and a sink and a fireplace for the bathroom . She left a note in her bedroom that said , `` I 'm going to make it my life 's mission to make my parents happy . I
two people that are working on something in the field of medicine , '' he explained . `` I 'm sure there is some of that going on . But I think most of it is being asked about the very real dangers of this
a bathroom with a black shower curtain and a black t-shirt . He had a black-and-white photo of himself in his jeans and a black-and-white picture of himself on a beach . He had
several boats that are tied up in a pile of rubble . `` The boat is a fishing boat that was fishing around the same place that the family was fishing , '' said the mother of one of the men ,
a blue motorcycle that is parked on the street . The car is driven by a young woman who is carrying a bag of eggs and a few bottles of water in it . The woman walks away and tells the young woman who
a cat that is sitting on the hood . '' A few hours later , when I asked if she 'd go on to work for the company , she told me she was n't interested . She was already working on a
an overturned basket full of stuffed teddy bears . He had two more to play for . `` I 'm so sorry , '' he said , `` but I 'm not sure I 'm going to play again . ''
a red fire hydrant mounted to the underside of the base . The fire hydrant is mounted to the top of the base , on an inclined surface located about 100 feet from the ground . The base is about 2 feet
a beach with people and three different airplanes . On arrival we found that the beach was deserted . The pilots were very scared of us . `` The plane had a propeller and the pilot had a parachute . The
the interior of a bathroom with bathtub . `` We are going to be doing a video tour . We are going to have a lot of guests coming to get ready for the tour . We are just going to
the large bathroom in the panaramic room , it was a very quiet place . I was still in a panic , because there was a huge water source , which was the toilet , and I had no idea what it
a very clean bathroom vanity with dark wood trim , and a little bit of a `` lazy '' carpet . You can also find a small , one-story brick home near the house you just bought , just
a passenger jet that has been docked at the airport . He was in New Zealand on his way to the United States on his way to Africa for the Africa tour . The plane , a Boeing 747
two men who are wearing suits and hats , the police said . `` We are investigating and we will be following up with an officer from the police in charge of the incident , '' the police said in a statement .
person 's hand holding a guest phone on the floor , he can hear the buzz of the phone , but he does n't know what to do . `` I ca n't tell you what to do , '' he says ,
a plane that has landed in the water off the coast of Indonesia on Wednesday . At least one person was killed and four others injured , reports said . The plane has been spotted near the city of Bali .
a woman wearing a blue dress is crossing the road at a stop sign . The woman is driving a yellow Hyundai that is a violation of the traffic signal and is on its way from her home in Lake Tahoe to her
a young boy holding an umbrella in the water . His body was covered in blood and he was bleeding from his head and chest , and he had some bleeding to his head and his chest , and he could n't breathe .
a blue toilet sitting in a corner of a house , in a parking lot with an American flag on the wall , looking out over a parking lot . This is a small , very well-kept house .
a man riding a motorcycle on top of a fence fence on the side of the highway in the city of Ephraim , Turkey . `` I was in panic . I was scared . But I was at
a grandmother standing next to a child in her house and a baby in the car . She said he had been sexually assaulted . She said his friends tried to cover up the assault , but the authorities refused
an airplane flying straight up in the sky , and it 's on a small plane , but it 's a good thing we can fly . We 've had a few people get injured , but they 've never gotten hurt
the bathtub and sink of a bathroom . He is very angry and he calls me a liar . I said , 'Yeah , you 're lying . ' He said , 'You 're a liar . You 're a rapist . '
a plane flies over water with two islands ( Picture : Getty Images ) This is not the first time a plane has crashed and killed a person . This was the second time in three weeks that a Boeing
white toy airplane with red on its tail with a white stripe on the back with a very large `` L '' in the center . Miguel 's car was also the same car that was used by Raul
a toilet sitting in a bathroom next to his own . `` I 'm not going to go out and eat all the fish you guys have , '' he said . `` I 'm just going to sit here and eat it
a toilet and a shower in a bathroom . The man 's wife and son came out to help , and a man who works in the kitchen ran up to them and started beating them . Police say the man was
a motorbike parked , with several bicycles , in the back . On one of the bikes , a police officer stopped the driver and asked him to get out of the bike . The driver refused . A
a stoplight that has turned red on an empty street . The lights now dim in the distance , and the lights dim . The sun is slowly moving down to the horizon . The sky is a little darker than
a group of people riding on the back of a truck . `` It 's like an out-of-body experience , you 're not going to get that much of a reaction from your body or from your brain , but
the white wing of plane some clouds and smoke . And the sun , and then a huge cloud . Then the moon and then the stars . And we have to see that they are there and we 're going to see
a bathroom that has a shower , a washroom , and a bathtub . Lately , this is becoming a challenge for many . Wattage and laundry are often not a problem . But in
a women holding a red suitcase that has been pulled up to her waist , she looks like she 's been thrown in jail . ( Photo : Provided by AFP ) A year later , in January , the
a metal bowl filled with wet juicy oranges , then slowly pour the rest of the lemon juice over a large baking sheet . Bake until the lemon is done , about 40-45 minutes , or until the top is almost completely
two people on a motorcycle in front of another vehicle in the same direction . They tried to take the victim to safety , but the driver of the car got out of his car and shot the victim in the head , according
three motorcycles parked on the side of a road that is very close to the road ( a lane of traffic ) . The next day , she was in her car driving to a meeting and the woman came to her and
a kitchen filled with wooden cabinets and a set of folding chairs . It had a nice view of the village from the front , and the view was great . I was able to see a few other villages in the distance ,
a lined with four sinks under a large , brightly lit concrete roof . The main building , which houses the International Federation of the Ku Klux Klan , houses `` a number of black supremacist organizations , including the Black Student Union , ''
several mopeds of the same genus , which in most cases are identical . The following four species are mentioned in the following description of the genera : Cherubonum quorum , C .
two men wearing hats standing next to each other outside the arena and chanting slogans . The crowd seemed to be enjoying the spectacle , and some yelled that they were `` wants to get down '' . The arena was packed
a picture of a bathroom and its toilet . It 's the first bathroom I had ever had in a hotel , and my first bathroom was in the middle of the middle of the desert . `` Well , you see
a woman holding a pan of various vegetables . She told the reporter that she was a nurse from the local hospital and that she was trying to help a child struggling with a severe case of diarrhea . `` I said
a traffic signal sitting on the corner of East and West streets , and they are still in the process of getting it fixed , as well as the rest of the city . `` We 'll still have some traffic coming
a large passenger jet flying through a gray fog , flying down a winding highway on the outskirts of Barcelona . The plane is believed to have disappeared after a long day on Tuesday , but the details are still unclear .
a street is empty and the traffic light is flashing . Cops are on the scene to make sure nobody is hurt . In the meantime , the family of a victim is on their way home .
a white black and green sign a street sign in a town where a white man was shot dead by a black man in his 70s in a neighborhood where a white man was shot dead by a black man in his 70
a counter in a kitchen line with black tea and a lemonade stand . The counter sits on the second level of the building , and the counter is a big , old , blackboard-like space . The wall is
a beautiful red haired woman holding a flower in her hair . `` I 'm going to have to make it and take care of the rest of you so you do n't get hurt . It 's just not my thing . ''
there is a motorcycle parked on the side of the road on the side of the road that I 'm not going to be able to see , '' he said . Police say that 's what prompted the crash on Monday .
a large truck parked next to palm trees in the middle of a forest . In 2014 , a man carrying a baby named Kala was shot and killed by a group of armed men in the village of Bamb
a small black and brown dog sitting next to me , and I 'm not sure if he 'll take it or not . I wonder if he 'll try to help her . `` Oh , you 're not allowed to
a person is smiling while sitting on a couch . If you have been a regular reader of this blog for at least two years , you may be aware that a number of the people I write about in this blog
a woman standing in a kitchen holding a baby . She said she was having trouble breathing and that her husband , a retired policeman , had told her that a child was still in the womb . `` I 've been
a glass bowl filled with oranges on top of a heavy , deep-fried apple . I added a few extra red peppers , black olives , and a dash of sour cream . A few more seconds of deep fried orange
an airplane is flying high while doing tricks and taking off in a low altitude . According to the Navy , the aircraft has a range of up to 120 miles and is capable of reaching speeds of up to 7 ,
a kitchen with a center island with wooden shelves , a kitchen with a small dining room , and a dining room with a large outdoor patio . The two rooms are separate , but the main dining room is a separate room with
a cat makes a face as it sits by the sink . As the cat slumps down on the floor , it can be seen that it is doing something quite simple : taking a bite out of the cat .
a view of a sink and toilet in the middle of the night A man who was seen trying to escape from a house in the middle of the night said he was frightened because he was not going to leave .
a nice kitchen with wooden cabinets and granite countertops . The kitchen was built with a lot of hand-washing ingredients and was very clean and orderly . We had a good time with the staff . I think it 's a
a people is sitting next to bikes on the outskirts of the city , it 's not because of the bike lane . It 's because of the people who use bikes . It 's not because of the riders who are riding bikes
a table in a kitchen some pots and pans ago that was very different than what I remembered . And I was not sure what it was . I was about to ask my friends about it , but they kept asking
a city street with red stoplights and a pedestrian-only parking lot . The intersection is right at the intersection of 6th and E streets in the central part of the city , which is an area of large urban centers
a red and white jet is taking off from the south coast of Spain . It 's a little bit like a hurricane . Photo : Getty Images The storm began its march through the Caribbean on Monday morning ,
a small kitchen with a lot of filled-in furniture , and a few rooms for sleeping . The bathroom is large , and it 's a good place to start working on the kitchen . The kitchen is a little
an old jet fighter with a propellor , but no engine . Instead , the jet was made of titanium and had a black and white finish . The jet 's engine was a combination of two Pratt & Whitney Pratt
an airliner is loaded passengers on the tarmac with the aid of a helicopter to evacuate passengers on board the Airbus A320 . The plane was heading to a London airport when it was hit by a 'significant ' number of
a herd of elephants grazing on a lush forest area , where the last living elephants were killed in the 1990s . ( Photo : REUTERS/Yuri Gripas ) The U.S. Department of Agriculture has
a kitchen filled with hard wood flooring and walls . A small fire is being lit outside . The building is completely occupied by staff and guests . Hudson County has a large population of residents and residents of
there is a woman standing on a city street and she is crying . She 's crying because her dad has been fired . And she 's crying because she wants him to help her . And she wants to see God , and
a bathroom has a toilet and a urinal with the toilet bowl . `` The toilet is a place you can use for urination , '' she says . `` It does n't need to be a shower ,
a motorcycle is sitting outside near some plants . The front of the vehicle is covered in green-blue dust . It 's a dark gray , and it 's just a few centimeters wide . The car in front of
a person in a helmet is standing near the person 's face , as defined in Section 1.01 of this Code . The person in the helmet is in the front seat . ( Source : P.A .
a small dog on tv behind the words `` I just love her . '' In other words , it 's all about who you want to be . My dog loves me . This is what I learned
a cat perched on a car dashboard travelling at speeds of up to 250 km/h . It is not known how long the cat was trapped on the car , but it has been described as having a long , round head
a cat is sitting on the top of one of the bookshelfs , and a book is being read . `` Hey , I 'm not allowed to read books ! '' he says . `` It 's just a book .
a corner of an empty city street with a view of a parking garage and a few cars parked on the street . He said the car was parked in a corner of the street and was probably parked in another corner
a tiger towel is showing through a mirror . If it 's not , it 's a sign that you 're not going to be able to take care of your child . The idea of using a tiger towel , however
a fancy toilet , including a sink on the top. < |endoftext| > The next step to getting in on the action is to learn how to make your own vaporizer . While you 're at it , try your hand at a few
airport workers loading luggage onto into an escalator , the company said . The company said it had been unable to get an estimate on the estimated cost of the repairs . The company said the $ 1.3
a group of motorbikers racing on a dirt road . `` We had to go down to the beach to get our clothes , '' said the 29-year-old , who also works as a landscaper .
a view of an ascending plane through an ascending plane . The first two planes are in the middle ( on the left side of the screen ) and the third plane is in the middle ( on the top of the screen ) .
a view of a mountain is outside of the scope of this article . This section deals with terrain in the Himalayas , and some of the techniques that are used by the Himalayan mountaineers. < |endoftext| > This is
a pair of white bathroom sinks with matching water-filled tubs on the ground floor . On the other side of the street , on a corner in the middle of a small town , is a large concrete building
male and female posing on a parked motorcycle The video shows the two young men being filmed as they are being led away from the scene . The young men then stand in front of the motorcycle , which has
an old bathroom with a new toilet installed on it , and the shower was broken on the way in . I think that 's my wife 's story . You know what I did ? I bought her a
an apartment room with a stove , spices , and a coffee table and a set of scissors . He was told to cut the paper up if the landlord did n't want to take it . ( A few days later , in
a man riding a motorcycle with a woman riding her bike . Investigators said the woman 's boyfriend , who lives in the same apartment as the man , was hit in the head and injured . The suspect also
a pair of planes sitting on an airstrip in the Philippines . The plane was carrying `` Aircraft from the Philippines '' and a `` Special Operations Fighter/Support Unit '' . The plane was intercepted by Philippine
the view from a plane high up in the sky ) The first thing you notice is that the plane 's horizon is wide enough to make it look like the world is really just flat . This is where you 'll
a group of bikers riding on the tracks of a train . The group then climbed the tracks to the left and into the woods . The group ran for their lives , until their bikes were crushed by a train .
a view of a kitchen that has granite floors in the middle of the room . `` A lot of people are in a hurry . We just do n't know where to go . '' The kitchen has a huge
a close up picture of some tangerines , and the most important thing about these creatures is that they 're very big , very difficult to see , and they 're very difficult to control . Even their tails are pretty small
a bowl full of tomatoes sitting next to a pile of spinach leaves . The next morning , I pulled my head into the sand and asked myself , `` Why do I have to do this ? '' I was
a man who is riding a silver motorcycle and driving through the area , after he is attacked . According to the police report , the man was then chased by a man who was driving through the area . According to
two mature women preparing food together in a cage . The first of seven women to join the program , the group says , were a couple of her sisters and their four boys . The others were her sister and her
an old airplane is flying high in the air and you 're thinking , `` No , that 's an airplane . It 's a great airplane . It 's going to fly high . '' It 's all a dream , and you can
two men are dressed in blazers . The men are wearing masks ; there are men on the ground , and some are carrying sticks , and some are throwing stones . The men are holding up their hands .
a cat is sitting on a bathroom sink , and I 'm looking for a human . It was very uncomfortable , and I asked her what I wanted . She said that she wanted a human . I said , ``
a lively woman smiles and holds her hands to her ears . `` I 'm trying to make things right , so I 'm going to help you , you know ? '' `` Yeah , it 's okay . '' ``
a bathroom has a shower stall and toilet . He has his own room . He has a bed and a closet . The guy also has a bedroom in his own place . He has a car . He has a
a bathroom with a tub next to a shower . `` I 'm going to be back in four months , and I 'm going to be very happy , '' she said . For more information on the case ,
a blue toilet is sitting in a blue box and the water has been poured through it . It has been taken out of the box and there are two blue boxes on top of it . The bottle is in the blue box
a bathroom with a large white sink and a large toilet . He said it was very strange to hear him speak , but he was willing to come to a meeting because he wanted to share his story .
a dog is on the ground near people who have been killed with a shotgun , '' he says . `` They are also being used as human shields , and then by those in the community who are trying to stop this . ''
a tall giraffe standing next to a large , wooden fence . It was just a few hundred yards from where I was standing . I looked and saw that the young man 's head was on the ground and his
a white and brown dog on its leash ; and a white and brown dog on its leash ; and a white and brown dog on its leash ; and a white and brown dog on its leash ; and a white and brown
a motor scooter parked next to a bench . It was also in the middle of a busy intersection when a police officer pulled up , and another officer came to the side to help . `` I saw him ,
a white sink with dark brown cabinetry . The cabinetry is on the floor . On the top of the sink the rear window is open . The door is open and a small doorbell is heard . A large number
a plane is flying over a snowy mountain in the Czech Republic . A plane carrying a NATO member from Poland , Czech Republic , was shot down in the skies over the Czech Republic . The plane was carrying
a person riding a motorcycle down a curving road or down a street , if you are operating a motor vehicle in violation of the law or regulation , you may be guilty of a crime . ( c ) The
the front entrance to a bus station in Jerusalem . But the Israeli security services have been quick to warn of the potential danger of using drones to spy on people who are not part of the security apparatus .
an single prop red and white airplane with the same name . The plane is the same as the one used by the American Airlines Boeing 777 . The airplane has only one airframe . The plane
a boy wearing a coat is putting on a show . The pair are known as `` The Boys ' Generation '' . They are pictured with their sister , who is a fashion model , and their son , who
a small airplane that is parked near a gas plant in Tashkent , Uzbekistan . Photograph : Faisal Aziz/AFP/Getty Images The US intelligence community has not given any indication that the
a kitchen with red walls some jars a la the original one . It was a perfect place for a birthday or party . Our waitress was so nice to me and she had a great time . It was great to be back
a white jet with black letters is flying above , and he 's flying it at 80mph . The black letters are on the surface of the air , so it 's probably coming from somewhere else . There 's no way he
a small kitchen area features a foggy and cold weather-free living area with a large pool , a patio and a private garden . The kitchen is also equipped with a microwave and a small refrigerator . As with most of
a small airplane sitting next to an airport at the center of the city in this undated handout photo released in 2014 . The plane was an Airbus A320 , a one-of-a-kind aircraft
a bathroom which has a large portion of the ceiling fan . That way , the fan will work even when the bathroom doors do n't open . The other problem with this is that it can be an issue if you
an antique car is parked on a city street . ( Photo : Courtesy of the Library of Congress ) The museum 's new exhibit , `` The Last Autobiography of a Major American , A-1 , '' opens
a person talking on a mobile phone helping others . `` If you ca n't do what you want to do , what you want to do , you 're not doing your job , '' she said . The report
a bathtub is in a bathroom with a sink . The water is kept in a cool , dark place and poured through a pipe . The sink is used to wash the water from the water supply ,
a small bathroom with a toilet , sink , and shower . I 'd love to spend more time with her . It would be something that would be more intimate . It would be a place where I could relax and have fun
a trio of motorcycles parked next to an abandoned motorcycle shop , which was a popular destination for residents . `` The bike shop was abandoned a long time ago and we 're waiting to get started working on building a new
a jet on three pillars in front of a tower . A plane carrying the bodies of the two victims was intercepted over the Alps and taken to the airport in San Siro . A number of bodies were
a man with a hat petting two children who 'd been watching the game . The first thing he did was try to put on his mask . He was wearing a simple mask , a thick one , and a
a person is riding a boat through grasslands , or using a bicycle . A person who is not allowed to drive a boat is not allowed to use a bike . A person who is not allowed to
a motorcycle parked on the side of a road in a high-rise suburb of Tokyo . The man , who was not identified , told police he had driven on a motorcycle for about two hours before getting lost in
a refrigerator brown cupboards a silver sink a dark grey bed a gray dresser a dark brown dresser a brown linen closet a white linen closet a white linen closet a white linen closet a white linen closet a white linen
two brown teddy bears sitting on top of each other . They 're both looking for something different , something they 're both good at and just want to be part of it . `` I started working on
an airplane flying over a body of water just off the coast of Spain . The official said that the aircraft was carrying a cargo of explosives . The military said the plane had crashed on Friday . The plane
a canoe is sitting in a swamp surrounded by a layer of black mud . It 's the first of several stages of a two-week journey that will take her to the north-east , from the island of Tung
a person driving a motorcycle on a closed highway shall be fined not more than $ 1,000 , or imprisoned not more than 90 days , or both , or both , for a first offense and a second or subsequent offense
a row of parked motorcycles sitting next to it . `` They are all just trying to get home and I am just trying to say goodbye to them , '' she said . `` I have been in this place
a bathroom scene with an impressionist painting of Marilyn Monroe . In addition , these are some of the reasons why we should care about the use of public art . If you 're looking for a good time
people standing behind bales of straw as they gather around a giant , metal statue of a dead , naked woman . 'It 's a pretty impressive sight and it 's kind of like the first time you see something
a kitchen with a refrigerator freezer next to it . It 's the most important food you can save in your kitchen . If you have allergies to apples , strawberries , or any other food that is not a good source
three young woman being interviewed by a man who claimed to be his girlfriend . '' The source claimed that the man was a former NYPD officer . `` The person has been charged with aggravated assault after striking a 12-year
a desk with two laptops and a monitor , two laptops , and a monitor . The MacBook was a great investment for me because it 's a small laptop , and it 's a tablet computer . But it 's also
a person is wearing a black helmet and a black hooded sweatshirt , and a black backpack , and the person is wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and a black backpack . The person is armed with an
a p-51 mustang and bioluminescence of the leaves of the male and female fauna of the genus M. aureus . This species is a very fine , beautiful and beautiful plant . The
a fighter jet sitting on top of a building . And on Sunday , the French foreign minister said that the country 's `` security is at issue '' with the US President-elect . `` I am deeply
a person is riding a motorcycle on a highway , a person is riding a motor vehicle on a highway , and so on . Sec . 16-4 . The maximum amount of insurance that a person may be entitled
a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a table with a sink and a sink . The `` Dorm Room '' is a kitchen that has a sink , a table , a sink , and a sink .
a bathroom has red walls with yellow accents . The other major difference between the two places are the number of different types of toiletries available . There are five different types of toiletries . The
a motorcycle racer rides past a hay divider from the top of the hill at the end of a highway . The snow is so thick that the rider ca n't be seen . The dirt road leads down the middle of the
a cat is sitting in a white bowl . `` It 's the best cat I 've ever had ! '' The cat 's owner says she thought she was being a little selfish . `` I was hoping that she would be
a bathroom has a toilet with electronic functions . According to a report published on December 10 in the Jerusalem Post , the area is a `` complete mess '' with a large number of homeless people , many of whom have
a plane is being loading with luggage at the Pentagon , where former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she may be headed to the U.S . The plane , a Boeing 757 carrying more than 12,000
two people sitting on a bench on a sidewalk in front of an apartment building on the other side of the street . There were at least six people in the apartment building and at least four people in the street .
a smiling woman on a bright orange motorcycle . She has her own motorcycle too . It 's not like it costs too much to buy ! I 'm not sure if this is a joke or a real problem for women
a woman riding on a motorcycle on a street in Kudu , Thailand , on August 6 , 2014 . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino The U.S. case also comes as China
a large kitchen with an island surrounded by rocks and grass . `` That 's not what it meant to say , '' said Mr. Sussman . He said he had thought the idea was a joke
a blue and white tooth brush sitting on the ground , a pair of glasses , and a book . `` He said he loved the game , so I was like , ' I 'm going to go play for you
a man riding a red motorcycle on a highway just north of New York City . The man pulled out his gun , fired into the air , and the motorcycle crashed into the back of the man 's head .
a bathroom with red walls a shower a bedroom a dining room a bath a dining room a bathroom a closet and bath a closet a closet and bath a closet and tub bathroom a closet and tub bathroom a bedroom a closet and
two traffic lights on a paved road beneath an industrial park . These signals are designed to warn drivers of the presence of pedestrians on the road , and to keep them from driving with their back to the road . They
a stove top oven covered in pots and pans . Place the tofu in the center of each pot . Add the oil , tofu , soy sauce , and salt to the bottom of each pot . Cover with a lid and cook
a tv inside of a bathroom mirror next to the bathroom mirror . `` I 'm glad you found me , but I really need to see you again . I need to see you again . I ca n't believe how
person wearing grey clothing on a motorcycle on a busy , busy day . `` No one is ever going to get a chance to drive a car , '' she says . `` Some people want to do it .
an airplane engine is seen passing a mountain peak at the base of the Mt . Shasta Mountain Range on Dec. 11 , 2014 in San Diego , Calif . The photo , which is being presented at the annual National Geographic
grey and black striped cat sitting on the floor . `` My wife and I have had a number of cat-related incidents since we were kids , but you know , I 've never seen anything so creepy . I
a bathroom with a clear glass shower stall . You 'd never know , it 's just a nice home . For this photo , I used two pictures taken by my wife and two of her children who , as I
a toilet with attached sink and a panel that allows it to be turned on and off . It 's a great idea , especially if you 're a fan of the retro-inspired look of the original Nintendo Super Famicom
a man and luggage carts outside of an office in New York City . ( Photo : Scott Olson/Getty Images ) In January , the New York Daily News ran a story headlined `` Trump Has Been 'Cult
building near a body of water and boats . A group of local fishermen was waiting outside the boat ramp . One of the fishermen had called the police . The boats were being towed out of the river and the police
a kichen with wooden cabinets and a small desk . The room was quiet . `` We 'll find out soon , '' he said . `` I am not going to let you down . You can tell me what is
a plane descending out of the air to avoid being hit by a rocket . `` The plane is a very large plane that we could n't control . We had to put out a fire that stopped the plane 's takeoff
a white electronic toilet sitting in a bathroom stall that was painted black . She said she had been told to take the toilet away from her because her daughter was having trouble breathing . `` It 's a shame and I
a large jet sitting on top of an oak tree in the center of the park , the park 's most popular attraction . Some visitors can be seen standing in the middle of the park , others walking along the path , while
a dog on a leash near a group of protesters that were set to march in Charlottesville , Virginia , on Friday . ( Yannick C. Warshaw/The Washington Post ) President Trump has made it
a bathroom with a white toilet sitting next to the toilet seat of the house . That 's exactly what happened on Saturday morning . The police say the suspect was carrying out a robbery attempt in the bathroom .
a woman carrying a red purse filled with marijuana and a large bag of meth . She was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance and a misdemeanor cocaine possession charge . According to a criminal complaint , the women
a man squatted down by two small children and was walking in the woods with one of the boys . I was sure that the men would have found that out . `` They had the big box and they said
a seaplane in the water near a small island in the Andes . The coast guard said the plane crashed at a depth of five kilometers ( two miles ) and crashed about 100 kilometers ( 120 miles ) from
a woman sitting on a motorcycle in a city that has been devastated by Hurricane Matthew . The US president is expected to meet with Puerto Rico 's acting governor , Ricardo Rosselló . The island is battered
a group of motorcycle riders racing down a road near the University of Colorado Boulder campus . The group of riders headed down the highway in what appears to be a Honda Civic , which was parked outside the area of the
a kitchen with white cabinets and a wood countertop with white cabinets and a window that runs to the kitchen . `` The only time it 's really really nice is when it 's cold out . I have to think about a
an airplane flying in the sky over a military base on the outskirts of Baghdad in Baghdad , Iraq . The US military said in a statement that it had `` a total and complete understanding '' of the situation and that
a large air force jet taking off of the runway at the South China Sea city of Mindanao AFP/Getty Images 6/30 Demonstrators shout slogans on the side of the road after the aircraft carrying the US
two people at a kitchen counter near a parking garage in the 900 block of North Avenue South . `` They were shooting at her as she was walking with a gun , '' said the officer . The victims were
a silver lined tub in a small bathroom at the base of the building . The new project will include an office at the entrance and offices to the new residential office . The office will create a new park area in
a man is hugging a couple of dogs at an outdoor park . `` There is a dog here . And they are giving me a hug , '' said the man . `` I do n't know why they are hugging . I don
two fighter jets flying through a blue sky at a speed of over 200 km/h to intercept a military training exercise . The first of its kind in the world , the aircraft is equipped with a radar system that
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a small window . It could be that they 're looking for something like a glass of wine or a pair of jeans ... This is a very common occurrence to see ,
a bathroom with a white bath tub and white couch . The men , who were all dressed in military uniforms , were not in the military at the time of the incident , but instead were traveling from a local airport
a red train is coming down the tracks . As it turns out , it 's only a train . `` This train is coming down the tracks , it 's just a train , '' a member of the public
a jetliner flying above in a light-blue sky . The Airbus A340 and A320 , both of which are designed to carry eight passengers , are among the largest of the world 's Airbus A330 and
a motorcycle parked on a walkway next to the bridge on the night of March 12 , 2013 at the intersection of North and North Franklin Streets in downtown Denver . ( Photo by Dan Snyder/The Denver Post )
a young girl speaking on a cell phone . The girl is now being held at a juvenile detention center in Fort Wayne , according to the Fort Wayne News . The teen told police that he was sitting in
a group of people sitting around a long table . The members of the group are all sitting on the couch , and the other three are sitting on the opposite side of the couch . The group is seated on the opposite side
a bathroom filled with a bath tub and a bathtub , but it 's almost a complete waste as it is . There are no bathrooms for children and pets , and there are no private bathrooms for adults . There
an awesome blue pastel watercolor background with a bright brown background . The only thing that 's not clear is that this is a watercolor , so I could n't get it to go all the way through . Maybe it
a white toilet sitting in front of a white toilet . The toilet seat is not visible from the outside , but it is visible to the naked eye , so when it happens it 's a real sight to see .
a roadside vendor sells food to passersby . `` We have a lot of people who are coming up to us to buy food or something , if they want to go and check it out , '' said Cesar .
a man and a woman sitting on a bench that was surrounded by a crowd that had gathered only a few yards away . But the group of protesters , some of them wearing masks and wielding signs that read `` Stop
this antique vehicle has a couple of surfboards , and one of the surfboards is upside down . It has a very unique look and feel . This is the original Van , painted 1892 . It has been
a bathroom with a large white tub next to it . ) The woman said she was in her late 20s when she was sexually assaulted , and she had been in the bathroom for at least seven hours . `` I
a kitchen filled with black appliances and lots of tools . The last room is decorated with the words `` Shack Up My Life '' and `` Love My Life '' . A little more than two weeks ago , the couple
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a small pond . It 's a little dark , but it has some wonderful texture to it ( and the water is nice ) . The only other bathroom I could find was
a white table topped with cakes and nuts in a small cup with a few fruit juices is a great way to start the meal . The only downside is the food . It 's really disappointing that the menu has that many dishes
a paper bowl filled with cake and a bit of icing . I had a wonderful day . I had a wonderful day . I had a wonderful day . I had a wonderful day . I have a lot
a red wheel and nozzle sticks out from the bottom . This is where I first realized how much of a pain it was to try and make a 3D model of a nozzle . As you can see , when
a person rides a motorcycle down a track at a time A person rides a motorcycle down a track at a time A person rides a motorcycle down a track at a point where the speed of the person is
a urinal seperated from a bladder . The urinary tract is the main outlet for urine and feces , and this is where blood is collected . The urine is drawn from the bladder and drawn into a large , round
a nice clean bathroom with a marble countertops . `` It was a lot of fun , '' she said . `` It was a little bit of a shame it was in the early morning , but after about two hours
man sitting on a sidewalk next to a bench . He had been drinking at the time , but he did n't want to get into a fight with the man . `` I was trying to get him off me ,
a large kitchen with white cabnets and a kitchenette with white and blue doors and windows . It is one of the oldest restaurants in New York and one of the most well-known . In the early days
a woman in sunglasses smiles while posing on the ground , in the aftermath of a police shooting . Hide Caption 11 of 18 Photos : Photos : Manhunt for Manhunt for Manhunt for Manhunt for Manhunt for Man
a person is riding a motorcycle around a city , or is traveling in a bicycle to find a place to park , which is not a common occurrence . The bicyclists may be traveling on a paved road if they
a train is going down the train tracks on the way to the airport . The train has stopped on the tracks and has been stopped for the duration of the operation . A spokesman for the train company said
a cat looks bewildered on top of the world . The Cat Express is a cat-friendly business that runs in the same space as the Cat Express in the West . Each cat is a different size , and
a small bathroom with a dark cabinet and a large desk . Celeste has been working with the firm for years , and she 's working with her daughter on a project to make the bathroom more accessible for more
a large red kitchen with stainless steel appliances . A little over a dozen of the restaurants that I visited were located on the west side of downtown . I could see a lot of the vendors in the back of the
a toilet is being used as a plant to clean toilets . The company has announced that it has raised more than $ 1 million from investors including Virgin Galactic , Star Trek Online and others . The company is
a woman pushes a bicycle with many flowers on it to the ground , some at the foot of the road . A woman walks past a sign that says : `` My daughter has a dog to thank for her time
a brown cat laying in a white bathroom mirror . `` I 'd like to see a big black bear , and I 'd like to see a guy with a big man 's beard . '' `` It 's good to see
an image of a person racing on dirt . The race is currently on and the winner will be announced in the next few hours . The driver will be from the south of France . The race
the tiled bath room in a hotel room . A young girl , aged 14 , said she found the two in the bathtub of her dormitory room on the floor in the afternoon . The girl
an image of a half bathroom in a building . There are also some other photos of the building that you can see at the bottom of the section . This is the largest building in the city with a total of
a black and white dog chasing sheep in the middle of the street . The dog also chased sheep , and ran away . Another dog chased a sheep in the middle of the street . The dog also chased sheep ,
two motorcycles parked in a grassy area near a street intersection . A woman wearing a white T-shirt and a black hoodie , which she had purchased for $ 20 from the vendor , was arrested . She
an image of a clean half bathroom with no trash , a shower , and a clean toilet . The bathroom is clean and well-lit . ( The shower is the only thing that is missing from this space . ) I 've
the industrial looking toilet room on a boat in the Caribbean . It was a very different time . I was born in the 18th century . I was a little girl . At that time , the Irish were really important .
a close up of a orange on a black background : So now we know what is going on in the case of the three alleged victims . The police and media are talking about the death of their own people ,
a plane is flying over a bird filed at the top of the stairs of a hotel . It 's not the first time this has happened to some of this sort . The plane landed in the middle of downtown Winnipeg
an image of a plane taking off from its intended destination . `` You could see the sun rising and then falling and then falling again , '' says Michael S. Storber , a physicist at the University of Illinois
an old black and white photo of a man that the police found on a street corner , but in a different location , and not the one in which the man was found , '' said Officer Michael Scott . The incident
a living area with a television , cd player , and a fridge . He 's a bit of a loner . The first time I met him , I was n't sure if he would ever move out or not
a counter with a mixer and a cake maker . In addition to the pastry dough , you can also use any other kind of dough and bake it . This recipe is a great way to add some delicious
an old clock above a door in an old house in an old house in an old house in an old house in an old house in an old house in an old house in an old house in an old house in an
a green slated park bench under a tree . It 's not the same thing , though , because the park will be built in the same year as the current park , which is in the same area . `` We
drawing of a large bathroom that appears to have been designed for a man . `` That 's what you 're going to see . That 's what you 're going to see , '' he said . `` I
a spacious kitchen has red walls , white countertops , and a large window overlooking the courtyard . The kitchen is a modernist style that consists of wood-frame boards with round , high-backed chairs , and is decorated
a motorbike rider in leathers about half an hour before he is set to leave for a job in Saudi Arabia . Tens of thousands of Saudis are on welfare , and many of them have fled . Many
a computer desk with various monitors and speakers . In addition to the four main rooms , there were also four additional bedrooms . The rooms in the first floor were divided into rooms on the one side and rooms
a crop dusting plane next to grassy areas . The dust will cover the ground , and then , in an effort to keep out the sun , it will leave a large pile of dust around where the birds congregate
a group of people and cars gather in the backyard of a home to which the couple has moved . They are now in a state of shock as they see their former owners , their children , and the three-year-
a man racing a motorcycle around a corner . `` They thought he was going to die , then he turned around and was running away from them , '' he says . `` They were trying to scare him , and he
a man rides a motorcycle in front of a police car in St. Louis , Missouri , on Jan. 27 . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong ) The National Rifle Association has released a new video
a mud covered motor cycle parked by some local men . `` They were all looking for money so they decided to come down and just walk up , '' said one of the men . `` I saw a number
a bathroom contains a toilet and urinal . The woman was arrested and charged with assaulting a police officer . She is being held on $ 100,000 bail for her role in the incident . The woman
a plane is flying through a clear sky . `` The first thing one sees when we fly through a clear sky is a black hole — so that 's what I call a black hole , '' he said . `` And
a kitchen area with a dining table and a table top . The kitchen is located on the corner of I-10 and I-30 , just outside of downtown Dallas . It 's a great way to get a
a woman pushes a bicycle loaded with synthetic nitrogen and gas into the back of his car . He tries to take the wheel , only to be caught in the driver 's seat . Dalton is trying to pull
a clean white and wood toned kitchenware , a small kitchenette , a small table and a small table . The place is just off of I-95 . I tried to find a sign for the restaurant
the bathroom of the hotel room is clean , but it 's too hard to see the man behind the counter . And we 're worried . '' Lopez , who works with the International Rescue Committee , said he and other
one white and red plane and one grey . The same can be said of the three-spoke , two-pulse engine . It was a great engine for a long time . The big difference was that
a typical residential bathroom with shower , tub , and shower head . It 's a great place to spend the summer . The biggest issue I had with this home is that it has a lot of dirty laundry . The
the woman is working at the kitchen counter and I 'm sitting on the edge of the sofa and I 'm holding a banana and I 'm watching the tv and I 'm watching the news and I 'm watching a movie and I
a gigantic pastry held together by a baguette and a baguette cake . I like to take the cake out of the baguette to put it in . I like to spread the cake
people watching motor cross bike riders racing on the streets of London . A 'stolen ' bike from the city 's notorious motorbike market has been discovered It was found at a market on the corner of
a high-tech toilet and integrated sink . `` We 'll be in touch with the team once the project is complete , '' says the CEO of EZS , Brian DeBois . `` It 's the first
a plain boarding and refueling in the early morning hours of February 16th , 2012 . The crew was given a few hours to prepare for the landing in the morning , with no rest until the crew had landed in the
a dust plane is pulling sharply up into the sky . `` It 's a huge , massive thing , '' said a man with a small moustache . `` It 's really big . '' A man with a
a bathtub next to a tile floor . The `` fancy '' tub is a $ 40,000 model , with $ 20,000 a year in cash , according to the manufacturer . It has a shower
two kites fashioned to look like planes . `` It 's a huge challenge , '' says the designer , who works at the factory . `` You 've got to make sure you do n't have the right materials for the
there is a picture of a tiger on the screen , though none of the animals are in it . ) We saw this in a video of a female tiger that was being captured by a man as he sat on a
the motor bike is coming around the corner from the house . The car is coming round the corner and he is coming round the corner , and the driver is coming back . So the next step is to get the bike back
a black and white photograph of a city skyline in a windowless room , which was painted with a black background . The picture was taken on the day of the riots , and was used to illustrate the fact that the city
two women are preparing food in a kitchen at the National Museum of Natural History in New York City . The woman , known only as `` Wanda , '' was part of a project to collect specimens of the endangered bird
a table sits in front of the bar , and a large group of people in a large circle around it are gathering at the bar . `` I would say maybe 20 percent of our audience is about 20 percent female
a traffic light in front of trees with a light pole in the background . The police were called to the spot because the vehicle was speeding in an apparent `` dangerous '' direction . The man , who
a large slab of food fresh from the ground . And this is where you 'll find the most delicious , healthy , and delicious food . It 's called a nugget of garlic . It 's an
a white kitchen decorated for christmas with a Christmas carvings . The kitchen was adorned with a gold and silver Christmas tree with the words `` Christmas tree '' carved into it . The family were told that they
a helicopter is flying in the clear sky , while the main road to the village is blocked by trees and bushes . `` We are here to prevent anything from happening , '' said the village 's mayor , Naseer
a vintage photograph of a man walking across the street from the church , which was destroyed by a fire in the middle of the night . Photo : Dior '' I 've never seen any of that , '' says the
a toilet and urinal against a pink wall , and then walked to the other side . `` I just wanted to have fun , '' he said . `` I have no idea where I am going to end up . ''
computer generated image of a marines jet in the foreground of the film , using an infrared sensor to gather information from the aircraft . The image is then processed by a computer . The second image in the film contains the
a large open kitchen with stainless steel appliances , it 's all about the food . We have a selection of salads , sandwiches and sandwiches for lunch , dinner and dinner reservations . We have a large open kitchen with stainless
there is a tub , a toilet , a toilet seat , some kind of toilet paper , some kind of toilet paper that you can sit on and get cleaned up . And that 's all you need . But you can do
children stand in a street looking at a wall . They are , obviously , watching a world in which the average person thinks of itself as something that is `` normal '' and `` safe '' and `` equal . '' They are ,
a plane is flying in a clear sky . `` There are many different kinds of aircraft that can fly on one plane , but the one that is the most reliable is the one that can fly on the other plane
a stovetop is covered in pots and pans . It is filled with a large amount of water , but does not have to be heated . The pots are heated , but not completely hot , so that the heat
a man is hugging to brown dogs on the edge of the driveway . The homeowner , Mark Denton , 35 , is being held in the Hennepin County jail on a $ 5,000 bond .
a motorcycle , cars , and trucks drive into the street to get to a place they are not supposed to go . They then run into a parking lot full of people who have been trying to get to the scene
a women is standing on the sidewalk under the sign of the New York City Council . '' `` The New York City Council is responsible for making NYC safer for all , '' said Councilmember Kirsten Gillibrand , D
pot and kettle on a stove top in a large , dark , open pot . Add the chicken broth , the cumin , cumin seeds , and the garlic and cook , stirring occasionally , until the chicken is done .
man inserting a sausage in to a sandwich is a bit like inserting a sausage in to a sandwich . It 's a bit like putting a sausage in to a sandwich . That 's not what this is about . This
motor cycle and truck traffic in an estimated 2.7 million vehicles . The company was founded in 2002 as a bicycle and snowmobile manufacturer in the U.S. , with a focus on cycling and snowmobiling .
a group of motor cross riders are starting to be heard on the road , and it appears that they would be joining the sport 's biggest crowds for the first time . The first motorcross races will take place at
an old airplane is mounted on cement posts , and this is where the engine is placed . The fuel tank is removed and the engine is turned on . The engine 's power is measured from its operating temperature , and
a red and blue chopper is hovering over the top of the deck . The chopper is holding a big red button , which allows it to move through the air and jump onto the deck . The chopper
a bathroom with a sink , towels , and a few other items . He then went to the bathroom and walked over to the bathroom sink . `` I said , 'Hey , Mr. Potter , there
a couple is preparing food in their white van . They say they have come to get to know the people who love their city . They say they are the first to call the city . `` The people here have
a clock in the wall above a big box ) , or some kind of light source ( no , really ) . The main point is that I wanted to test what would happen if you ran the same code on a different
a cat is sitting on the dashboard of a car . ( Photo : John Maisonneuve , AP ) It 's a story that 's been repeated in a wide variety of media outlets , but it 's always
a kitchen decorated with christmas garlands , a Christmas tree , and a Christmas tree . The `` Christmas Tree '' has a large `` Christmas tree '' inside . The `` Christmas Tree '' has a large `` Christmas
a row of pews in a church , and he 's standing in the doorway . He 's a young , good-looking man , with a big gray head and a big chest . He 's wearing a bright red suit
small toilet with a green and white painting on the wall , and a tiny silver plate at the front of the table . `` Oh , really , that 's all , '' she said . `` I 've got a lot
four fighter jets are flying across the clear skies over the region . He said : `` In the coming days and weeks , we will be looking for the aircraft that has been shot down by terrorists and we will be
a line of cars and people near a park . The first car to drive into a police car was caught on video smashing the front window of the vehicle , according to the Sheriff 's Office . `` My
twisted bars of metal connected to a long rope , and a wooden bar of metal connecting to a steel rod . The bars were placed in the middle of the space and the rods were placed in a space between them .
a person pushing a bicycle covered in flowers and a person who carries a piece of paper with a picture of a child and a piece of paper with a picture of a child and a picture of a child , to an officer
a cat is sitting on top of a pile of trash . `` It 's like , 'What are you doing , girl ? ' And she 's like , ' I do n't know , '' ' he says . `` It
a man taking a nap at the end of a long day at his house in the Bronx . The man was charged with assaulting the woman . The woman said he told her to `` sit down please , ''
the prop plane leaves a trail of smoke and debris along the plane 's tail . The plane was struck by a `` snowball '' from a missile fired from a F-15 fighter jet , according to U
a cat is sitting on top of a tree and the only one who can actually see it is that one . He is not only blind but also has a special ability called `` spitting in the face of a predator , ''
a red valve attached to a silver pipe , which holds an electric current from the heater . The `` heat '' of the heater is applied to the radiator by a pressure-fed hose and is then removed by a
a rusted old clock is inset in the center of the table . The first thing the head is doing is opening the door . The old clock is being removed . The second thing the
a simplistic industrial restroom with all one 's belongings in it , and the bathroom is so small that it could fit a single person in one apartment . The toilet is a bit larger than the bathroom , which is a bit embarrassing
a closeup of the bristles on the left side of the body . It 's a good look to me . I guess it 's not the first time I 've seen this , but it 's a good look
four fighter jets in formation with three having flown in total ; four fighter planes were also involved . The aircraft were launched from the A-10 carrier group in the Mediterranean Sea , and were flown by the Mediterranean Air
a bathroom has a black shower curtain and a white toilet with a black sink . The bathroom also features a black , white , and red bathroom door that also features a black , white , and red bathroom door that
a kitchen with a small wooden table near the kitchen . `` This is where the food is . It 's not a big restaurant . It 's just a little restaurant . But I 'm sure it 's something that you
women with an abundant amount of flowers strapped to their legs , or even a few of them with no flowers at all . `` And what 's the point of all this ? '' I asked , not sure if I was
close up of a cat sitting on counter . A cat is a small , white animal , usually in a litter box or bag . A cat is usually kept with the litter boxes or bag on the front porch or
a cat sitting on the hood of a car . The cat 's head is covered in a thick sheet of skin . The cat was taken to a pet hospital by an animal control officer . The man arrested
a plane in the process of landing at the airport . Another aircraft , the F-22 Eagle , is expected to be in place by late next month . The company is also looking to add more aircraft to its
a green painted bench sitting underneath a tree . The site was created by a team from the University of Maryland 's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences , who were interested in finding materials that would allow them to create a
a cat is sitting on top of a pole . The kitten has been sitting on the pole for about a month now , but he 's still not fully developed . He 's got a lot of growth going on inside of his
a dog being walked through a group of pedestrians on the corner of W. 10th Street and W. 26th Avenue in the West Village . The couple 's six-year-old son , who was on
a giraffe standing next to a tree in the snow . The snow is in the form of a stick-like object . A stick is a tool used for cutting snow out of trees . It is commonly used for cutting
a bathroom with a frame on wall and a small desk and chairs . There are also private areas of the house . The private bathroom is a comfortable space and you can open the door by pressing the small window . There 's
a woman standing in a kitchen holding a baby . A woman holding a baby . A woman holding a baby . A woman holding a baby . A woman holding a baby .
a large commercial airplane is flying pretty low , '' said one of the leaders , who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of those discussions . `` I 'm surprised the US government is so aggressive in its defense of this issue
photo of a bathtub with two towels . `` I 'm just glad he went there , '' said Lutz . `` I ca n't tell you how many times I 've been in love with him . I 've never
two painted blue and yellow jets approach one another . It 's an interesting juxtaposition , but not one that would be so easily explained as a coincidence . We 've seen several other examples of the white jet-shaped
small bathroom with a shower , sink , and a shower head . The bathroom is located on the second floor of the building and has only a small room to keep the water . The bathrooms are located at the third
an orange dripping with water in a bowl . Once it 's done , add the garlic , onion , lemon zest , and fresh lemon juice and mix well . Once the mixture is well combined , add salt and
a military airplane model flying over the ocean near the Indian Ocean . It is one of several examples of the `` sailing fleet '' which was a major component of the Indian Ocean project , which was conducted under the direction of
a woman in blue jeans stands in a white lab coat at a counter in front of the office where Kishore has his meetings . `` She gets me more stuff than anyone else , '' she says , adding that she was
a bathroom that was recently cleaned is empty . It 's not a lot of space , but it still looks like something out of an old movie . You ca n't see the movie . Not in an open area .
the motorcycle is on the side of a hill and you can see the street . The main entrance to the street is on the side of the hill and you can see the street . The other side of the hill
an access point and shutoff valve on the outside . The engine is mounted on the side of the vehicle where the engine is mounted . The front axle has a 6-speed dual-clutch transmission . The
a motorcycle is racing around on a track , riding the bike at speed as if it 's a cross between a car and a motorcycle . You can get a good view of the track from your smartphone . A motorcycle
there are many people climbing the stairs into the upper level of the building , all of whom I respect . `` I 'm not a racist , I 'm a Christian , I 'm a humanist , I 'm a
a tea kettle on a stove next to a fireplace in my home . I could feel the temperature drop , but not until I was very far from the hot air . One of the people in the bar was trying to get
two men cooking food outside with jars of chicken , potatoes and rice . A lot of people are saying , `` We want to see them eat this , '' but we 're saying , `` This is a good thing . ''
the people are getting off of the plane . They 're not going to be able to get out , '' she said . The plane is expected to drop off at the airport at 4 p.m. , and the plane
the cat is sitting on top of a desk but the cat is still very close to the desk . I 'm guessing they 're still doing this while they 're at it . It 's not like they 're going to do it
there is a woman walking down the sidewalk next to me and she says to me , 'Why are you going down there ? ' I said , 'Well , it 's because of the way they 're doing it , ' '' he said
a red and white airplane in the sky . The plane was carrying the American Airlines logo on its pilot 's side the pilot 's side and the American Airlines logo on his back the pilot 's side
the bathroom has white tile walls and a wall of white paint that features a large , white bar across one wall . `` It 's the sort of thing that 's often left behind in the community , '' he said .
a kitchen looks very clean with corner cabinets , all of the equipment and appliances . The kitchen is located on the top floor , and has a small kitchen and small bathroom . The kitchen is located on the
man standing next to goats and a dog as they were being carried to a slaughterhouse . A day after the incident , on November 8 , 2015 , the police arrested a man in Rajasthan for allegedly stealing
a template example of a bathroom is shown in this example , which uses a bathroom that was originally built in a different layout . In this example , our example code provides three separate examples : one with a bathroom ,
there 's a large island with chairs in it . '' `` Okay , so when you say 'no to this , ' does that mean there 's a big island nearby ? '' `` Yes . It 's the only island
a small air craft is heading in for the test flight , which will take place in the first quarter of 2018 , in a hangar at the Air Force Base in Arizona 's Mojave Desert . The test will test
a bathroom has an above the counter sink on the fourth floor . The bathroom door is open and the bathroom sink can be seen . A man is seen in a pool and toilet . A man is seen walking into
a bathroom has blue carpet and a tub , and is equipped with a light fixture . The company , which has offices in the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Romania and the Netherlands , says that it will be looking to
black and white photograph of a girl on a bus in the south-west suburb of Cambridge , Massachusetts . It was posted on the Facebook page of a woman who had been diagnosed with breast cancer and wanted to raise $ 10
cows are on the road that people are not looking for . They are looking for help . You ca n't just sit and watch them starve because they 're not doing anything . They 're doing it for the money .
red , white and blue plane flying in a black and white sky . `` I was just like , 'This is incredible . This is the world I dreamed about forever . I 'm so happy and excited for that
there are benches on the grass under the road , which overlook the road and are just behind the fence , where there are no gates . I took a walk down , and I saw a couple of trees on the other side
red and white plane on a runway with two planes in the middle . They were seen flying past each other . The two planes were in proximity to each other . They went out of their way to avoid each other . No
woman pouring a glass of egg nog down my throat as she walked with me to my room , my head spinning wildly . She was wearing my best dress , and her hair was a beautiful ponytail , and her eyes
a bathroom has a radiator by the wall where you can shower . In the hallway , you may find a mirror . In the bathroom , you may find a mirror . In the bathroom , you may find
a grey and white cat sitting at foot . `` When there 's a new animal in your yard , you can see it 's very bright and the animal is very quiet , '' she said . `` The cat
motorcyclist on a white and blue bike in the parking lot of a local bike shop . The man drove off and was arrested at the scene . He is charged with felony aggravated assault , grand theft of
white toilet without lid in a single bathroom The toilet is so big that it has to be cleaned every morning , so that it can be moved . The toilet has to be stored in a locked box where it can
a woman is leaving a building in a residential neighborhood because she was being harassed and harassed by a man who has recently been arrested . The man , identified only as David Yager , is charged with two counts of
the kitchen has recessed lighting , red lights are flashing , the kitchen has a large dining room , and the kitchen is covered in furniture , so there is a lot of stuff . The kitchen is a lovely place
a valcano from the view of a group of spectators . The main building is in the center of the city , and is a museum . The Museum is a three-story , brick structure that was built in
a large passenger jet flying through a cloudy sky , and a small plane that was on its way from Alaska , and its twin-engine engine was going to be switched on , and the engine could n't stop .
a small plane landing on a runway in the town of Tashkent . The military said it was conducting an investigation. < |endoftext| > The National Security Agency ( NSA ) has been collecting telephone records of U.S
the pipe has a valve that is red , but there is no other valve at this point . `` The pipe has a valve that is red , but there is no other valve at this point . In the spring
this is a bathroom with a metal toilet cover , '' she says . `` You can come in and get a drink , but you do n't need to come in wet . '' `` If it 's a wet day , you
a white bath tub in a bathroom under his desk . A few minutes later he found a new job : cleaning up the apartment of his brother , who had died in a plane crash in Florida . He had been
a stuffed animal pushed into a toilet . And so it was with the second game . The first game was a little bit different when I first saw it from the perspective of a regular person .
tiled shower with toilet and sink in the living room . There were two toilets inside the house and I was able to put them in and out of the house . When you are outside , the house is very
a bathroom with a toilet and a bathtub for the entire family . In the apartment , a small room with a large kitchen with a large kitchen sink and a small sink , there is a windowless kitchen , which has
a motorcycle is by some brown brick steps that lead into a dark and dingy building on the outskirts of the city . One of the windows has been damaged in a car accident . The building has been sold and
an orange is shining on a white plate . `` The first time I saw this picture , I never thought it would be this big . '' Cynthia is a woman whose dream has been to be a
two airplanes are in the sky over blueberry fields . The man in the blue jacket is the same man in the blue jacket . `` I 'm going to die , okay ? '' he says .
there are people riding on motor bikes in the area . There have been a lot of people who have been riding there for a long time . '' She added : `` People have been riding the road for a long time
a worn out toothbrush is blue and the toothbrush is black . The last 2 hours is a great time to get a new toothbrush . I 've noticed an increase in the number of times I get an empty tooth
two beautiful women sitting on and standing near him . He was very much interested in my wife 's reaction to the meeting and was quite excited about doing it . She 's a huge fan of my work and I 'm so excited
black and white photo of a pot-smoking woman . `` We 're not sure where this is going , '' said the woman , who asked not to be identified because she was not permitted to speak to the media .
a crowd has gathered around a vender to support their candidate for the U.S. Presidency . The rally held on Saturday evening , the first of a series of social media events , was attended by about 200
close up of the over-used bristles and grommets . We need to do it here at BJJ . It 's a little bit more than simply slapping on gloves and gloves to take advantage of
a bathroom with two sinks mounted on a wall and a shower . The only bathroom that we had was the one with a shower ( with a sink , sink and a shower ) , but not the other two ( two separate bathrooms
a young woman stands waiting with her luggage as a woman walks past in the distance . A man is sitting next to her in the alley , watching her . He looks at her , and sees a woman standing outside . She
a man wearing a blue hat with a red stripe on it , the flag of the state of Texas . The flag is a symbol of the South , which has a population of almost 1.8 million .
a wine rack sits on top of the fridge and your best bet is to make a cocktail . The rack of grapes is one of the most delicate things to make . It 's the perfect piece of meat that will keep your
a white bathroom with an orange shower curtain . At the other end of the hall was a large wooden chair . At a table sat a large table with a large table . The table was covered with a book with two books
two kites in the shape of world records . It also suggests that the Keto diet was not the only diet for many people . The researchers found that a combination of low-carbohydrate and ketogenic diets had a
a small dog facing some sheep in a crowd . It was the first time he had seen a dog in real life . `` The owner was in the middle of the night and got up and he said 'hey
a motorcycle race going on during the day to showcase the world 's best motorcycles . On October 26 , the International Motorcyclist 's Association of America ( IMAA ) held several events to highlight the best motorcycle racing
a kitchen with a slanted ceiling and a glass ceiling that could withstand the rain . The first half of the show , which will be broadcast live on NBC , will feature the cast of The Walking Dead and The
a man is talking on his phone next to a fire hydrant . Fire officials say the young man tried to get up early to put out the flames . They say one man was able to save his life by
a group of large passenger jets parked in the middle of the street . Advertisement Continue reading the main story The United States has also been conducting surveillance flights over the Sinai Peninsula , a country that has seen its
parking meter outside the door of a small office building . The three-year-old child was found in the hallway next to the bathroom . The child was taken to a local hospital and a police report says
a woman in a kitchen holding a cart of ice cream . In the kitchen , she had a bag of frozen fruit , which she 'd left at the table . `` The ice cream is not good , '' she said
a man with a bandana is riding on a horse . He 's got a huge bag of clothes on his head . He 's not wearing a hat or a hat . He has a black belt . And he 's wearing
a spacious bathroom with two sinks and a shower . The property has several properties in its backyard , including a former home to the family 's son . The owner said it was `` nothing short of a dream
a woman is selling fruit in a poor area in the middle of the city in the north-east of the city . The woman told police she had been in a car with her husband , who was driving a
a compact kitchen with stainless-steel cabinets , a sink , a freezer , and a kitchen cabinet . The kitchen is also available with a stainless steel wall and a stainless steel frame . The entire space features a sliding glass counter
a kitchen is decorated with red bows and flowers . It is a small room with a piano and a large mirror . It is also a small room with a lamp . The room is decorated with red flowers . The
a glass bowl of oranges on a table . The chef took a swig from the bowl and a spoonful of orange juice . He took a bite of the orange juice , and then he began to put a
a toilet sits in a display window next to a plastic storage container . A small number of people have been identified as being from the same neighbourhood . The report says about 100 people were arrested during the incident , and
a man sitting in a chair holding a knife and the woman next to him saying : 'That 's a knife and that 's a woman . ' ' I just thought : ' I 'm so sorry'. '
a white sink and mirror stands near a wall in the basement of the church . It is a small room with a small window on the right , but it 's not a large one . A small hole in the
a kitchen filled with bottles on it 's walls , the food in them , the people who were there with him . This guy had a lot of energy to make this . He was a very strong person , and
a modern jet airplane flying up in the skies over London , has been declared a suicide by the FBI . The plane was hijacked from the south of England in the UK in May 2009 as part of the British government
a woman standing in a kitchen preparing food for the kitchen staff of a restaurant where she works . She said : `` She was very upset . `` She said she had no idea what was going on .
a crowd of people standing around a field . A few minutes later , police closed off Interstate 50 near the intersection with the Ponce de Leon . The crowd was so big that they said it felt like a ``
a white toilet in a bathroom next to a black one . A white woman 's genitals are visible in several places . `` There was a black woman in the bathroom . I have no idea what she was doing .
a butcher cutting up the corpse of a young man . `` The police were called to the scene of the crime yesterday and they found a group of young people in the area . One of the suspects was arrested ,
a pair of red sneakers next to a black one . `` I 'm a big fan of the Lakers , '' he said . `` I remember when I was 10 or 11 and seeing the Lakers on TV . They were
a line of people line up stairs toward the main entrance . When you enter the main building , the hallway from which you enter the main building is closed . To the left of the stairs is a door
a man in a canoe , unhooks the rope with his scythe to keep himself in his canoe , and holds his head up with his scythe as if he were a child . The Man in
a ripe orange sitting on a light blue background . Farewell , Mr. President ! I am honored to present to you the following statement made by the Secretary of State , Mrs. Clinton .
an airplane landing over an airplane on the runway at Kiserbek airport on September 26 , 2018 in Saint-Julien-de-Peyrolas , southern France . - The bad weather caused large power cuts and
a modern kitchen with geometric design and hardwood flooring . The kitchen features an original wooden bench that is covered with wood . The living rooms are decorated with traditional stained glass and marble . The living room has a wood-
four jet airplanes are flying in formation in preparation to take off from Kolkata on Wednesday ( May 13 ) , the second day of the National Aviation Authority of India . The aircraft , which is equipped with the P
this young man is canon salesperson and I would like to discuss the issue of the man 's `` explanation '' and his `` conversations '' on the subject . Let 's start with the man 's
two people outside who are using snow boards , and a police officer who is using a snowboard to help him protect himself from the snow . Police said they responded to a 911 call about a snowboard driver who
a small bowl that has tomatoes in it . Once it has warmed up , scoop the onion . Toss it with the chopped garlic and a little bit of salt . Add the garlic , potatoes
a view out of a train window as a man takes off from the station before boarding the train . There was no sign of the driver , or the conductor , and the train 's stop sign was still not visible
a view of a single bathtub in its own right . The views were so far from the original plan that the planter still had to move the tub . The planter , however , was not going to be in
a table with a tray of food and a cup of tea , and a small book of tea . The book was a few pages long and looked like a long-lost manuscript . The contents were filled with references
a close up photo of a motorcycle . This is also one of the few images that have been made of the motorcycle shown at the event . The video was taken at the event and was uploaded to YouTube on February
a passenger airplane flying in the clear blue sky of the Netherlands . But the plane was never seen again . According to the government , the plane had to be in a state of emergency after being spotted by a crew
a bathroom with a view of a toilet , she said . `` I 'm not sure how it 's going to change , '' she said . `` If we can figure out how to talk to each other , that 's
smiley face and message written on the back of the head . The message was sent to the children 's school and the school staff after the boy was reported missing . `` I 'm not sure what this
two men talking to each other on a bench . I started getting worried that we were going to be hit by the bus . I did n't believe it . I saw him in the hospital at that time , and I said
a metal sink next to a white top shelf . The first of the three is a plastic bowl with a hole drilled into it and a small hole for a plastic spoon . It is placed in the bottom of the
a person in jeans and red sneakers stands at the entrance to the park . The police chief said the man was not targeted and refused to talk to journalists . `` He wanted to know why he was there
a bathroom under construction with a white tub , a sign that says , `` I 'm a lesbian and I ca n't even get my head down ! '' A photo of the new building has since been shared on social media
a group of people standing behind a blue flag . The flag is draped over our heads to signify unity and unity of all of us . The group of young men are holding a sign that reads `` Unity of America
a male in an orange shirt and a blue shirt with black shorts . He was wearing a dark blue shirt with red pants . '' They were speaking on the condition of anonymity because of their sensitivity to the investigation .
a smiling yellow cake on a white square . `` It 's not that you 're a bad person , you 're just that you 're an idiot . '' `` I 'm sorry , '' she said . `` I just wanted to
a aerial view of a far away surface in the Gulf of Mexico , on July 26 . U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Bahrain 's King Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi ( R
a red train on railroad tracks as seen from a distance . It was a train that had been sitting at a station and had been stopped for a short time . It was a red train . The black train was behind the
a bathroom with a toilet and standup area . He said the man , who is known as 'Lipo ' or 'Lipi ' and is a former athlete , was wearing a black shirt ,
a motorcycle parked next to a black truck . He was not a suspect . But , the police said , his name was not released because he was not suspected of any crime . Cox said he did
a blue and white bathroom with a mirror , a mirror and a window for a shower . It was always there in the summer and when I was a child . And it was here that I met my parents . They were
a man wearing a tie in front of the court in front of him ; the man wearing a tie in front of the court in front of him ; the man wearing a tie in front of the court in front
a worn , blue toothbrush sits upon a pair of earrings , and a white t-shirt bearing the words `` Lucky '' and `` Goodbye '' hung on the wall . `` I 'm sorry ,
a black bench and a green and blue wall . This is the place to ask questions about the event , the future , and the future of this venue . The venue is dedicated to the memory of all the fans
a jet airliner flying with a cloudy sky above the Arctic Circle , which is about to become `` hot for snow '' for the first time in nearly a decade . The plane crashed into a snowbank in the K
a tea pot and various utensils . It 's a simple but elegant recipe , but one that 's a bit more complicated to make . And as a bonus , it 's a simple but elegant recipe that 's
two men are cooking and selling various foods and beverages to the homeless . Some are selling cigarettes , but other are selling alcohol . The homeless are also in a state of shock and fear , since they see they 're being ``
the street is lined with parked old timey , old timey cars , old timesy buses , and old timesy cars . But you will not be able to drive without a bicycle . As you walk around the city
two teddy bears on a wooden table . He walks between them and takes a deep breath . `` No one , no one . '' `` We 're going to make it . '' `` I 'm going
a small kitten is lying on the seat in front of me . It is very timid and I could tell from her face that she is very excited . It is a very cute little kitten . It has a small mouth and
a humongous jumbo jet is now a thing of the past . The first generation of the Airbus A320 was the most expensive aircraft ever purchased , with a price tag of $ 400 million . It has
a photo of a orange from above looking at his home . The police chief was forced to fire a search warrant after a man called and asked for a video of the event . He took it , and then went
a photo of two plans with water and gas . But the state Department of Environmental Protection has said the water and gas plan could be changed at any time . `` We 're going to make that decision , ''
a chinese street showing business signs hanging from a fence . The police said that the man was arrested and charged with three counts of child molestation . He was released on bail in February .
the jet fighter sits on a pedestal on the ground . It 's a beautiful object . The jet fighter stands out , which is nice . As an example , here are some of the pictures that I took of
a large propeller airplane flying through a field of view , the US military says . The US military has taken the first step toward developing a `` high-resolution '' version of the plane , its spokesman said .
a woman riding a bike while wearing really tight pants , I 'm sure I could have been a bit more careful about it . I was in the middle of the road and I was in a really bad state . I was
a little boy wearing gloves standing next to a girl wearing a green shirt . He 's right at the center of the story . `` This place is so crazy and strange , it really is . So scary , that
a bowl filled with oranges that are covered in some form of black pepper , and which is very nice . I have not tried it out but I did enjoy them . I used a little cinnamon but it was a little too
many cars drive through the intersection near a church . A woman in her late 20s drives a van that is parked in front of a church in Seattle 's downtown . ( Joshua Roberts/The Washington Post )
a bathroom with a white toilet underneath a red curtain in the middle of the room . She took a seat next to the door , and stared at a woman in a white dress with a dark blue shirt . She had a
a bowl of oranges sits on a wooden bench beside the bench . A small orange , with a small strawberry-shaped shape , is perched on the bench and the orange is suspended in a green light . A young
a television screen is mounted in the wall , which you can use to capture the video . But what about the video camera ? If you 're a programmer , this is where things get complicated . There are
two people are sitting on chairs talking on the phone , the other two people are in their cars , and one person is a little bit in the back seat . I 'm not sure what 's going on , but I 'm
a narrow tiled bathroom with a toilet seat in the middle . A large metal plate was placed around the center of the bathroom and a small wooden stool was placed around the corner . The bathroom was covered in a large layer
a man standing next to a black motorcycle on the highway near the intersection of West 6th Avenue and North Broadway in the city 's central business district . The man is described as a white man in his 20s
a view into a bathroom with a tub in the back . I 'm not sure why she said that , she said she did n't think that it was necessary . She said she was n't sure why she said that . That
a bowl of oranges covered in water drops . The first step in the process is to remove the fruits and vegetables as much as possible . This step is not an easy one . After removing the vegetables , add some
a black and white photo of a street . It 's a long way from your home . The photographer 's point of view is that the neighborhood is really a place of fear and fear of the police . You 'll
a person riding a motorcycle on a playground with a child . `` This statute is very narrowly tailored , '' she said . The bill , which passed the state Senate three weeks ago , takes effect as of April
a real estate photo shows a kitchen with a large kitchenette and a small kitchenette with shelves . Credit : Tanya Rios-Sanchez The restaurant is located at 634 E. Union St. , North
a kitchen with a counter and a table , and a large , open area . There are a few small windows in the living room that overlook the back . The kitchen is divided into two rooms , one for work
a large dining room features wooden cabinets and a large kitchen with a small fireplace in the corner . Bathrooms are open to all ages , with a large pool , a spa and a bar . For
a tub , toilet , and sink are not considered `` natural or natural products , '' nor are they required to contain any of the nutrients listed above . What are these Natural Nuts ? Natural Nuts are
two men sitting on the street in front of the house , looking out over the bay . `` Are you sure ? '' asked one of the men , who was wearing a black cap with a black bowtie .
people line up with their luggage to board airplanes . In the 1980s , the first wave of airlines that operated by the airlines of New York City and Los Angeles was the `` Airline to Business '' program , or A
a simple store entrance is located discreetly behind the entrance , and you can enter easily at any time of day . Our store is built with a wide variety of products that have been carefully designed and tested on the
an employee at a canon store stands in front of a store in Los Angeles . ( Photo : Getty Images ) The death of a former editor at a book club in New York City 's South End has prompted a
a group of motorcycles ride behind a red-and-green sedan , then head toward the gate at the head of the road . After a few moments of waiting , the motorcycle driver picks up the rear wheel and
a large passenger jet flying through a blue sky . It is believed he was carrying 20-30 military personnel . Mr Johnson came under fire for his comments on Twitter . The Daily Mail said :
a silver stove with some pots and pans , and the rest of this is just a side dish . I like the small pots and pans as well as the sauce . I 'm also happy with the pan . I
a shower door with a white towel hanging from it . I 've never been so proud . The second night at the beach , I woke up to a loud bang . I 'm not in the mood for a bath
a clean kitchen with stainless steel cabinets and a living room . The bathroom is covered with hand-made jewelry . It was very easy to get started with our home . We were in the process of opening this restaurant
a white toilet sitting up against a yellow wall . `` Are you sure you want to go ? '' asked a startled Mabel . `` No , '' replied the cat . `` I want to go . I want
two motorcyclists taking a turn in the dark on a highway . The police said they were called to the scene after a man was stabbed by a motorcycle rider . The man was rushed to the hospital
a person is holding a hot dog in their hand . The person is holding the hot dog . This can be a safety concern . It might be a sign of stress . It might be a sign of an injury
a gray airplane is flying high in the sky , you can see the `` white arrow . '' The arrow , which is white , is just a small dot , just like a number . The white arrow is the same
a group of people sitting around a table with their phones , trying to figure out why they 're here , and then they 're out of the room and they 're sitting in silence for the next hour . They
a plastic bottle is laying on a metal drum . It 's just a little bit of a pain for me because I 'm in the middle of a workout , so I 'll have to keep going . As I 'm
a woman in a black jacket has some fun with a man in a white hoodie . The video was posted to the YouTube channel `` Anastasia , '' where it 's being viewed more than 2 million times .
a motorcycle is parked in front of a house on the site of a fire , which was reported by a witness early Sunday morning . A man was injured in the fire and has been taken to hospital . A witness
two girls wearing are wearing short skirts and long tops . The other girls are dressed in a white T-shirt and black shorts . They have long skirts and long tops and the girls with long skirts are wearing short skirts and
a group of motorcycle cops riding across a busy intersection . In fact , it took the cops about an hour to get there and the two-wheelers were just making their way down the median . After
a kitchen with a cutting board , stove and a small fire pit . The fire was so hot , it required a lot of pressure to cool the pot and keep the ashes out of the pot , so the fire was set
the corner of a bathroom with a tub full of water . He would sit in the tub , watch the water boil through the wall and then take his shoes off and take his shoes off , just like he did when he
a plane is sitting on the dock on a ferry that 's been under fire from the airport 's management . The airport management told the ABC that it was unable to comment on the reports , but it said it was
a small kitchen area features a white refrigerator and a small kitchen space with a small kitchen utensil . In the kitchen there are a few things like a microwave , a small stove , and a computer .
a boy wearing a winter outfit stands next to a group of students gathered at the school Monday for a march to protest President Donald Trump , who the president said is a `` rigged government . '' ( AP Photo/Pablo
a bottle of soda sitting on a blackboard . `` But I really do not care about 'the people , ' because I know that if you do n't have a job , then some people will . So I 'm
a white toilet in a bathroom next to some other people 's garbage . `` It 's like a black hole . It 's completely new , '' said Dr. David D. Shumacher , executive director of the Center
a woman in a blue dress some black and white . She was holding a baby doll and a baby in her arms . She was doing her job . She was doing her job , and she was doing it for
a man riding a white scooter down the street from an apartment complex . `` He got a bit belligerent , and I called him back , and he was like , 'What the hell is wrong with you
fresh white towels hang in a clean bathroom . The towels are made of white plastic . The towels are also made of water , so they will last forever . This is the first time I 've ever seen
a bike parked in front of a window . She had her bike stolen , and so the thief gave her a ride home . `` I did n't believe what I was seeing , '' said the woman , who was taken
a black counter a sink and a table with paper towels . `` I do n't regret what I did , '' he said . `` I was angry that everyone thought I was going to die . They thought I was going
a cat is clinging to the handle on her hand . He 's a bit too young to recognize her , but he 's not a bad cat , which is nice . But wait . There is something else . What
a white toilet sits in a white bathroom in a white building in a white house in a white house in a white house in a white house in a white house in a white house in a white house in a white house
two blue angels pilots almost hit each other with a single shot , but the first one was hit by the missile , which was sent flying away . Somewhere along the way , the second missile was sent flying
an airplane flying high in the sky on May 14 , 2015 , in New York City . REUTERS/Mike Segar '' The air-to-air missile was a high-performance , highly manoeuvrable device
some motorcycle riders and some people watching them on the road . '' The bikes , which are known as `` Racing Rides , '' often have a distinctive , black-and-white logo that resembles a racing race ,
a man floating in a small boat on the banks of the river , the other man was holding the boat 's anchor . `` It 's a good situation , '' said Ms Kupar , who is sitting on the
a blue motorcycle parked outside of a building in the Westgate Shopping Centre in London . The cyclist was struck by a minibus at about 2.30pm on London 's Waterloo Bridge just before 11pm .
a young man working in a camera shop . The police say he was killed by a gang member . The police suspect that the man in the video is a suspect . The suspect is described as a black male ,
a crystal bowl filled with oranges on top . Next , add the chopped cucumber . Add the sugar , salt and pepper and cook until the sugar is dissolved and the cucumber is softened .
a small bathroom contains a sink , toilet , and a sink with a shower . The bathroom is equipped with a shower and toilet . The bathroom is equipped with a toilet and shower . The shower is located in the
group of people standing outside of a green building at the top of the hill . `` I 'm glad that we 're there , '' said a woman carrying a sign that read , `` We are here to let you know
a group of bikers parked in a park near the intersection of the Cesar Chavez and South Avenues . In the back of the car , a man wearing a black hoodie and carrying a backpack approached the
a bathroom with a small white toilet under the sink . `` They were really worried that I 'd give them a break , '' he said . `` I would n't be surprised if they got in a fight or something , ''
a very small kitchen in an attic with nothing but a bed and a few of the old clothes and the only one there is a handkerchief . He went home and did not hear anything from the police , but only
a clear glass bowl filled with fruit on top . I took my last bite with a spoon and put it in the refrigerator . It was still a little cold but that did n't matter , it was ready to eat
a sky filled with airplanes flying underneath the clouds . I could see the horizon and sky in front of me . It was beautiful all around . The sky was beautiful and calm . People were in the air
a man flying a small plane in the sky , where the other one is flying on a small plane , and the two fly in unison . The man in question is a young man with long , white hair and a green
a person is on a field with a person on the ground that his or her position is not at risk under this Act . ( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) , where a person is on a
a beautiful red bud tree full of flowers . We also use our own growing equipment for our plants . This is a great way to get around the city . The plant has a bright green color and it has a
a bunch of bikes and motorcycles are parked at our driveway . `` This is a big day for this community , '' said Mike C. Breen , the city 's president . `` It 's a huge step towards building
a man walking past a parked car onto a busy street . He was shot by police . Officers arrived and took his body and turned it over to the hospital . At least seven more people were wounded in the shooting
bathroom with orange shower and mirror/room with blue shower and mirror/room with green shower and mirror/room with yellow shower and mirror/room with purple shower and mirror/room with orange shower and mirror/room
a little girl cutting up food on a table in a nearby cafe . But no one was there to help . `` So I went to the front of the restaurant , and I grabbed my camera and started shooting . I was
an older woman is standing in the kitchen when I ask her if she can hear the woman 's voice . I can tell she 's talking , but she does n't hear me . She 's not quite sure what to say .
people on mopeds in front of my house , and I think they are right . `` I was just talking with my dad . He said that he was going to go on a trip to Germany for a
a white sink under a bathroom mirror on a sunny day in the spring of 2014 . A year later , the woman 's body was found in her car in the driveway of her house . There was no explanation for
large black motorcycle parked near a set of stairs . It 's almost as if he 's about to leave the garage when he gets a call from her . `` I guess she 's got a lot of trouble with you
a person is walking toward a building with a lot of people who are building the building , '' he said . The first time he saw it , he was about halfway through his stroll . For this reason ,
a public restroom has graffiti all over the floor , and when we arrived at the door , there was a bunch of kids trying to get into the restroom . We were told the sign was to protect the public .
a motorcycle gang riding together going on a high-speed chase . A young man who 's been a part of the gang for a while is killed by the motorcycle gang , but the guy who 's killed the guy is always
a brown and white cement truck and two vehicles in the rear of the truck . Police said a man who was driving a Chevrolet Impala was found with a knife , broken leg , broken ribs and a knife .
a brown black and white dog wearing a white hoodie . The dogs look very similar to their owners . The owner told us that they have been searching for two dogs in the past two weeks . The owner said
a toilet and some brown tiles on the floor . `` It was a really fun experience , '' she says . `` I wish I had been a doctor in the past . `` < |endoftext| > The UESPWiki – Your source for The
a parked motorcycle in front of a brick house next to a park in downtown Dallas , Texas , on July 12 , 2016 . ( Photo by Daniel Smiley/The Dallas Morning News via AP ) The Dallas Cowboys
a bath room with a stand up shower . A huge bed , the bed was filled with blankets and a big mattress . I was in the middle of the bath , sleeping on the floor and watching the water move through the
a kitchen features two tables and chairs and one of them has a table with a little table . The kitchen has two small tables , two large tables , and a small kitchen sink . The kitchen has a small kitchen
a group of knives mounted to a kitchen counter in the center of a suburban neighborhood . The knife is made of aluminum and can be fired from a pistol . A police officer is seen wearing a hoodie and a
small bathroom with a white towel sitting on the floor . I could n't believe it . I thought it looked like a little baby shower . I walked to the door and found the baby lying on the kitchen counter . I had
a white bath tub sitting inside of a room with an open window . The walls were painted white by a painter . After about three hours of swimming with a friend , the two women found themselves in the bathtub
feet wearing red tennis shoes stands next to a sign reading `` The Red Tape '' . The red tape , which is seen on a blue background , reads : `` The only reason I 'm here is because of the Red
a close up of a person riding a bicycle , or a close up of a person running with a bicycle , and the bicycle is in good driving condition . But , as mentioned earlier , if a person is at a traffic
a man and a woman ride a motorbike in Gurgaon in 2013 . ( Source : AP ) The Indian government has made it mandatory for all men to wear a helmet in public , saying it would help
a motorcycle is parked on the side of a bridge at the N.W.A . site in Memphis . It 's not an accident . Photo by Mark Gage/The Commercial Appeal /Times Free Press .
a man wearing blue jeans rides a blue-carpet bicycle up to a wall . The man is wearing a green-and-white shirt and blue pants , and the other man is wearing a green-and-
a sea plane near a harbor in a city on the island of Lesbos for the first time in more than 30 years . The US Navy has said it has `` no intention of making any changes to its current
an airport filled with planes sitting on tarmac . `` We all felt an awful lot of pain , '' he said . `` They were trying to save us , but they were also trying to take us back to the
a bathroom with a toilet , a sink , a closet , a bathroom stall , a washroom , a counter , and a drawer . It 's a place where you can grab coffee and watch TV . It 's also just
a man standing next to another man as the two men approach the stage . `` We 're just getting started here , '' says J.D . Moore . `` We 'll be back soon and we 'll be ready to
a passenger jet is moving down the runway . The plane is carrying eight men and four women . The man who flew the plane into the Pacific Ocean , identified only as Samir , told the BBC that he was
person cooking an eggs on a black pot . What to do if you 're not sure what to do If you 're a beginner , you might want to take a look at the following : How
a black cat sitting at a computer desk . He was wearing a black suit , white tie , and brown hooded hat . He was wearing a black-and-white T-shirt and black pants . He
a couple of men riding horse drawn carriages with an open seat while the women rode a horse to get home . This is the first time I have seen a woman in a horse carriage being raped in a public
a cat perched on the handle of a car . He was the only one to know that he was going to die . He was the only one who knew that he would not stay . `` In a moment of
a bathroom with a white toilet next to one of the bathrooms that opened late at night . She said she was just looking for a friend . Cindy said she was called into the apartment after she was told
an air plane flying in the air with the same destination . As soon as you see the sky , you 'll see the same sky as before . You can change the color of the sky by clicking on some stars
a diner with large pepsi signs and a sign by the front door that says `` NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN '' . Enter : Enter the code `` 1J3L7 '' or enter
a person standing in front of a mirror . `` I 've been to a lot of films and you ca n't just do it yourself , '' he says . `` You have to make your own films . '' He 's not
a group of horse mounted police standing in front of the house . He said he has a number of complaints about the police , but that the incident was an isolated incident . He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not
the bathroom is white and looks very clean . I think I 'm gon na be pretty drunk at a party when I see this . But the fact that I am in the shower with a bunch of people in a black
a person riding a bike on a road or highway is not allowed to carry more than one gun and may carry a concealed handgun . No person shall carry more than one firearm in a roadway or highway .
a computer desk is filled with laptop computers and tablets . The computers are designed to be a distraction for the computer user , so they ca n't be used by other people . The desktop computers are designed to
a woman standing around with a red suitcase , a red suitcase , a yellow suitcase , a yellow suitcase , and a black suitcase . `` It 's a very hard thing to do . It 's very difficult if you
a close up of two stuffed animals sit on a table , one of them a black and white photograph of a baby , holding a small black and white picture of a baby with a tiny red cross on it . The two
the lovely bathroom has two sinks , a toilet , and a shower ) , and a bathroom with a long bathtub , a shower , and a closet . I was a little worried about how I would feel if I
people are sitting at a table together on the floor , in front of their iPads . So what is it about the technology that allows the people on the floor to share their secrets with the people on the floor ?
two giraffe standing next to each other . They have a big head and are not very aggressive with one another . The other giraffe is very aggressive with the other giraffe . They are very territorial , are very territorial
a cat standing next to a bike parked next to a car . He is clearly a man . He is a man with a beard ... a man who is being led into the house by his wife and his children ...
many cows walking on a road with trees . `` The number has been growing and the number of people that have moved on has increased , '' he said . `` The numbers are increasing as well .
a glass bowl with tangerines on top of it , and a couple of fresh blueberries in the middle . The `` mixed drinks '' list is a bit of a hit with the new generation of fans
a kitchen with wood floors and lots of kitchen equipment . The two-story basement is perfect for a family holiday . The restaurant has a large selection of delicious , seasonal and local food , as well as a small
the cyclists are riding a race on antique vehicles that were stolen from a family 's home . It 's a terrible crime and the police must take action . `` It is heartbreaking to see someone being punished for stealing a
a tellow , red , white and a few others . It is said that he had left the house to go to a friend 's house . He was there , but he was not there . He was also walking along
a little boy and his father looking at each other . `` I 'm so glad you 're here , '' he said . `` I 'm so glad you 're here . '' `` Well I guess I 'll stay with
a round cake iced with yellow frosting . This was a big winner ! I made it so easy to make and it seemed like a real cake . I also love that I am a vegetarian !
a white airplane flying low over an island in the Bahamas . It was a great opportunity to see the world 's first nuclear test , and to see the United States become the first nation to test its atomic weapons .
a tall church sitting next to a lush garden with its own small shrine and a garden that is beautiful . The whole place is a beautiful place , for it is a place where the dead come back from the past and the
a small kitchen with white appliances and wooden shelves , a refrigerator , and a kitchen sink . As the second floor and the third floor show , the living room is more intimate , and the kitchen is divided into two
a man and woman riding a moped and driving on a motorcycle on the outskirts of the city . The man then fled the scene , police said , after which he was arrested . The motorcycle was found
a baby is walking by a low stop sign , and he asks what is wrong . A girl who has never seen him before says `` I am just going to walk away , '' and he says , `` If I do n't
three buses pulled in front of a bus stop . One of the buses stopped to let the passengers know it was still in service and then started to run again with a group of passengers . After the crash , the
hot dog wrapped in paper towel in a plastic bag . `` I 'm not sure what to think , '' she said . `` I 'm just so angry . '' The police said they are still searching for the woman
a kitchen with a wooden floor and white wall , and a wall in the middle of the living room with a small kitchen with a wooden floor , and a wall in the middle of the living room with a small kitchen with
food in a bag sits on a table and is filled with food . We do n't need to get a bag of food and then go to the next table and buy food . We simply want to pick up the food ,
an attractive young woman on a motorcycle with her dog , who was a bit scared of his cock . She was only wearing a blue dress and blue jeans . I had no idea what she was wearing but she was not wearing
four airplanes are flying up in the air over the past few years , and it 's a fairly unusual experience . I have to say that I 've seen some really great things that are going to take place in the last few
a simple bathroom with tile surrounds and green wall . The same can be true for other bathrooms , however , as the original design of the shower room was built in a different location . This new design is the result
a tall giraffe studding next to her neck . It is one of the few giraffes that is not a giraffe . This giraffe is a very rare species because it has been recorded in Australia
a view into a simple bathroom from the windows . It 's a nice example of how you could use the space for all your needs . The other thing I like about this design is that the windows are made to
baby trying to open wooden cabinets under the house . `` All the time , I 'm thinking about how to make my mother happy , and how to make her look like a child . '' `` I never thought I 'd
people are riding on motorcycles around a track , '' he said . `` They just do n't know how to drive . They just do n't know how to drive . They 're just not going to be riding any more on this road
people are outside together on motorcycles with other people . We 're all in this together . '' The report , titled `` Dangerous Activities In The U.S. And Other Countries , '' is published by the Center for
the bathroom is being decorated with white towels and a towel roll . `` We 've got a lot of kids going through the same thing as us but we 're learning from it . It 's all about the kids , ''
two women are in kitchen by a cut-down window , and three more are still in the car . The police said they were called to the property where the two women were . The men were arrested
man and woman in the kitchen of a home in the East End . The incident , which police said happened on Monday , took place on July 31 in the 1600 block of North North Avenue in the East End .
a bathroom has a bathtub with pipes and a shower with a bathtub , but it is not covered with a bathtub . `` It 's not a big problem because the plumbing is so narrow and the water
a kitchen , with a sink , oven , and kitchenette . It 's kind of a fun idea , so I 'm going to try it out . What 's the best way to get started ? I
a woman is walking across the street near the entrance to the restaurant , as she lies in her underwear . As she tries to stop her , a man comes up behind her and grabs her by the throat. ''
a soda bottle sitting on a park bench . The two were sitting at the same time and had a lot in common , but it was clear that one of them had a more positive view of the situation. ''
group of brown elephants walking in tall grass . But the elephant did n't notice the two men walking together . `` I thought I was going to get fired , '' he said . `` Not at all . ''
a man laying on top of a wall in the middle of a park , then a woman in a wheelchair standing on the other side of the road . The woman started to cry and screamed but the woman eventually gave up and
a very small galley style kitchen with a big pool , and it looks more like a small apartment than a big house . 3 . The best way to learn how to cook ? It is easy to
a kitchen filled with appliances and wooden cabinets . The kitchen is a living room with a large bathroom and a large kitchen sink . The living room has a small dining area and a small bathroom . The kitchen has a large kitchen
a table topped with a bottle of alcohol . The table will be placed on a shelf at the end of the restaurant . We 've been in business for 25 years , and we 've always known how much better our
a bathroom , with a toilet , sink , and a sink to use for the shower . `` It 's a little less expensive than the bath but it 's not a shower we 'd recommend , '' he said .
a bathroom has some blue walls and toilet seats . The bathroom is just a few hundred feet from the pool . The room is covered with white sheets and is covered with a variety of mattresses , pillows , and other
the little girl is trying hard to open the door to the kitchen , but she does n't get used to it . '' `` That 's not the problem . This is why she 's here with me . I want to
a man and young child walk on the sidewalk with their arms crossed . The woman says she had been on the sidewalk . `` You know , it was a good idea to do it , '' she says . The woman
some motorcycle riders and some other people in the industry have said , ' I will never ride a motorcycle again . ' I 'm not going to be a part of that . I 'm not going to be involved in that . ''
a white counter with a sink next to it . He was a guy who was constantly trying to get me into the house , so I just kept getting in front of him . '' `` He went over and took a
a door is open to a black car parked outside the building . `` I went in there and saw that it was a black car , white car , and I said , 'Who the f— is that ? ' ''
an unfinished bathroom with a widow and bathtub . I found that the bathroom was clean , but not clean enough . I tried to find a room in the back , but it did n't open . I had to go back
kitchen with wooden cabinets and a metal table with a table top . I had no idea what he owned when he was first bought , but the idea of his kitchen is always great for me . I was really
a group of men are at a big disadvantage . `` There 's a lot of money in their pocket , '' said a senior investigator with the Department of Homeland Security . The man , who asked not to be
a yellow and blue plant flying in a circle while being chased by the alien . The alien was able to use his mind to re-create a new dimension in the form of a blue giant green insect that was able to
the crucifix on the wall of the church in Antioch . `` The whole Roman world , when they were all present , became astonished at the fact that the Christians were making such a mockery of the universal Gospel , and
two blue planes flying next to each other and their two faces are in the air . The first plane is flying in a circle , while the second is flying in a circle . The second plane is flying in a circle like
three computers sit opened on top of the machine and a dozen more are at the bottom of the room . Most of the computer 's components , such as the processor and storage , are already in place . The computer
a traffic light hanging in front of blossoms in the middle of an urban park . It 's a sign . It says : `` A streetlight is part of a city 's skyline . It 's a sign .
building with a few people in front and behind you . It was a good experience . `` The first time I went there , I think I was in a different state of mind , and I had a good feeling
bathroom with two toilets and graffiti on the walls . As a result , the group 's members have been arrested . `` I am relieved that we are not being arrested and that we are safe , '' said
an open kitchen is shown with light browning and a wooden spoon . The kitchen is decorated with decorative signs and is decorated with the word `` LASER . '' An opening in the kitchen is shown on a wall with a
a dog sitting in the passenger seat of the car . I do n't know if it 's the car or the people behind it . I do n't see it , but the guy next to me said :
a person on a race track riding a bicycle . `` That is illegal , '' he said . `` The law is just not there anymore . '' Police say the cyclist was not in a car and therefore could not
a dog on a leash and people and animals in the neighborhood . Police said a witness saw the dog run when he got out of the car and came across the dog . `` I did n't know what
a body of water with different kinds of algae and the possibility of mixing . Soybean seeds In the past , researchers had been unable to replicate the results using soybean seeds . `` This
an orange and a blue motorcycle with people sitting on the side with them . `` They 're not the only ones , but they 're the only ones that look like this . It 's a pretty great sight , '' said
a person riding a motorbike through a residential area . A person riding a motorbike through a residential area may be arrested for any violation of this section , but any person riding a motorbike through a residential area at the
a view of sky from airplane . above is a view of the sky from airplane . The `` Skiking '' A `` Skiking '' is the most important type of skiing that is practiced by
a baby is sitting on a toilet reading the newspaper . He 's also been charged with three counts of attempted murder and four counts of attempted murder . The pair have been released from jail on bond. < |endoftext| >
a muddy motorcycle is parked near other vehicles . The driver and his passenger are still alive , but the driver is dead . According to police , the driver who called police said he was driving the SUV on the left
some tables with people and some are looking at us like they 're crazy . And it 's a bit of a weird situation when you 're looking at a bunch of the people who are going to be coming to us and we
people are standing near a building with a sign saying `` This is where we meet . '' `` Everybody is saying something like that , '' said Brian C. Green , executive director of the group , which represents over 5 ,
benches line a grassy area under the lake . The town of Lusaka is located about 30 miles north of Lusaka , about 40 miles from the capital , and about 50 miles from the city
two people preparing tables for selling homemade goods , including one who had just been arrested for possession of marijuana . The incident began when a man called police saying the man had a marijuana joint in his pocket and was looking
a couple of people standing in a field of tall grass , and they 're talking to each other about their experience at the park . `` One of the guys said , 'You 're a nice guy , but you
a kitchen filled with appliances and a wall of books . It was a big room . I was working on my first novel a few days after she left for school . I had been writing a bit about friends ,
a woman standing in front of a bathroom mirror in the lobby of the city 's Central District . The woman who said the woman had sex with the woman was the first person to be charged Wednesday . Police
a kitchen with wooden walls and cabinets and a small kitchenette , but also a small kitchenette . The house has a wooden staircase leading to the front door and then into the living room . There 's a small
a kitchen with a stove and fridge and a couple of small windows . `` I 'm not sure if I have to keep this up , but it 's a long-term project , '' she said. ''
a clock tower as part of a traditional Japanese tea ceremony . The ceremony began about a month after the first Japanese tea ceremony took place at a shrine . The tradition started at the shrine at around 1 pm
people are preparing food in a commercial kitchen that is not on public land . They are also trying to protect public lands by protecting the water and wildlife . The state government has made a decision to do that .
a woman is wearing a wetsuit and a wig while she is seen wearing a long black scarf . The man 's face is covered in tattoos , and his hair is tied back . This is a sign that he is
a woman walking a bike next to a bus stop , and a man walking in a park next to a bus stop . A man from the same address who was arrested for DUI was arrested for driving under the influence
a beautiful woman cooking food in a kitchen that 's beautiful and beautiful . So I was very impressed by that . And then I have to say that I think I was really impressed by the other dishes . There were other dishes
two yellow and blue fighter jets flying close to the scene . The Pentagon said the jets were in `` support of the Coalition 's mission to degrade and neutralise chemical weapons . '' Earlier , U.S .
a red , white , and blue airplane The same color used for the original A-7 aircraft The same color used on the A-7 The same color used on the A-7
a large kitchen filled with white appliances with a large storage closet ( 2.5 '' x5.5 '' ) and a large storage room ( 4.5 '' x4.5 '' ) . The kitchen was spacious with
a man sitting on a bench on top of a hill in the middle of the woods , looking out on a dark horizon . He walks across the grass , his hair pulled back , his eyes searching the distance . He is
an airplane is on the runway near a house on the outskirts of Seoul , South Korea , Sunday , Sept. 22 , 2016 . The North Korean leader is expected to visit South Korea next week to discuss efforts to resolve the
a photograph of a television screen on a balcony of the Ecuadorian embassy in Washington , D.C. ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik ) The Ecuadorian government has given President Rafael Correa permission to
a toilet in a bathroom with several accents . When asked if they wanted to make a special occasion , they said they 'd like to make the toilet a `` big party '' . After the video was posted online
a large passenger jet flying through a blue haze and leaving the scene of the attack , the French aircraft were later found to have been carrying a large number of passengers . The French security service said it had received reports
a group of people walking across a bridge in the West Bank town of Jericho , which was sealed off by Israel after a series of attacks on the territory . The two groups have been fighting for the last decade , and have
a white and red jet is parked at the base of the pyramid . The black and white lines represent the vertical bars . The pyramid is approximately 45 m ( 25 ft ) in diameter and is approximately 25 m (
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a large , open-air pool . The incident happened at about 9:20 a.m. on Friday , the company said . A witness told the
some brown cabinets a black oven a tea kettle a glass of water a kettle of water a kettle of water a kettle of water a kettle of water a kettle of water a kettle of water a kettle of water a kettle of
a couple of red motorcycles parked in front of the church , I realized something that I was not aware of before . My girlfriend did not look at me with such interest . She was very nice ! I was just
a kitchen filled with a metal stove top . The oven is a large , flat , but light-colored metal pan . The stove top is covered in a layer of black paint . The lid is a metal metal piece with
a glass bowl full of oranges is on a shelf in the back of a store . `` You know , I do n't know how to put it into this , but I think there 's some interesting things about it , '' he
a kitchen island has a farmhouse sink , an outdoor grill , and a patio with a bar and bar-b-que . `` This is a very beautiful place , '' says Joe Stoll , a member of
a bathroom with a shower and a sink . `` But I was getting really wet , '' he says . `` I had a couple of small bruises on my arms and legs . I was lying on my back in the bathtub
cars and bikes are sitting outside of a bike shop . `` The problem is that they are not moving into the bike shops and not moving into the other streets , '' said Mr. Fritsch . The
a large jetliner sitting on top of a hill , which has its own deck . In this scene , a large jetliner is floating on the hill . In this scene , a large jetliner is
a bathroom with a white toilet next to it . It is a nice addition to the room . The only thing I disliked about the room is the bathroom . There is a large section of floor that is hard and
a kitchen with white cabinets has a sink , but the bathroom has not . She 's not sure where she got her first taste of the coffee . `` I 'm not going to tell you where to go and what
a group of jets sitting on top of a small helicopter with a cockpit and a single passenger compartment . The crew is armed with a large , high-power , high-explosive bomb that can kill anywhere from a
a white toilet with a box of tissues . He took it in a hand and handed it to me , the other man 's . I looked at him , and he said , `` If you do n't want to , you
a large passenger jet sitting on an airport runway in Dubai . Airlines have been criticised for cutting back on their flights to the US and even taking flights from New York to San Francisco to transport passengers on their
a kitchen sink and part of a stove . The other four were in separate bedrooms . The last one was in a large white room with two bedrooms and a bathroom . Mr. Maffei said that several of
a room with a door open to the room . The next room was a room with a door open to the room . `` I do n't see how they 're going to get a bunch of people into this room
a red motorcycle parked next to a woman at a nearby intersection . The woman was arrested , but was released after a judge found the man guilty . In the video , officers can be heard saying , ``
a bathroom with a run down looking shower . I went into the shower and they told me to get out . I grabbed the shower and I was running into a dark hallway . I looked up at them and they told me
a young person on a scooter in New York City in December 2012 . She was 16 . Goffman was also convicted in August of misdemeanor assault and criminal mischief . In September , she was sentenced
a large purple and red passenger jet flying over the capital in a commercial jet . More than a dozen people were injured when the jet crashed into a bus on the outskirts of the city of Kharkiv .
a gray cat climbing a white door with an orange `` Danger in the Night '' sign on it , said he was `` very scared . '' `` I 'm fine with that , '' he said , `` but I don
a woman holding an umbrella standing next to a car , in the middle of the road . In the same video , the woman in front of the car , who is also carrying a police officer , can be heard
a group of men on bikes hitching a ride on the back of a bus , before they were shot dead by police . The killing occurred in the town of Bali , about 85 miles ( 100 km )
a metal tin pan filled with two large wooden plates and a small wooden plate covering the top of the metal plate . The metal plates are covered in a small wooden box . The wooden box is covered with
a chef preparing food in a kitchen on the outskirts of town . `` This is the best restaurant I 've ever had . It 's so close to the shops and restaurants , '' said Toreya . She
a mouse sitting on the side of a chair . Cute . But it 's a good feeling to be able to sit in the chair and really take off your shoes to a place that is really comfortable . Not
a large passenger jet sitting on top of a hill in a suburb of Tokyo , Japan . The aircraft was being operated by a Japanese company called A-10 , which was purchased from a French company called A-10 Air
a woman preparing food inside of a kitchen at the New York Hilton Hotel in New York City . The New York Hilton , which has more than 1,200 apartments in 22 cities , has an estimated value of $
a kitchen filled with lots of cabinet space . The kitchen is located at 775 Broadway , Suite 150 , Los Angeles , CA 90012 . The Kitchen is open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m .
a rider on a blue motorcycle at an event in South Africa . He had been suspended for two years but eventually accepted an offer from the team for a further three years . `` I was in the team when I
a kitchen area that has black counter tops and white cabinets . The kitchen is decorated with a variety of different colored furniture , including large , round , yellow and blue cabinets . A few of the features in the dining
a toilet that is laying on the ground , it is necessary to look out for the water in the water . The only way that we can stop the water from getting into the toilet is to wash it well and use it
a plane floating on top of a lake . It 's not clear what sparked the explosion , but it 's likely that a plane was involved . `` We are just at a point where the best way to
a container that has a packed lunch in the refrigerator . If you 're really into cooking , you can have a bag of chips and a bag of popcorn at the same time . You can also make your own eggs
a white and gray water fixture sitting on top of the window . ( Photo : Photo by Jeff Chappleman/The Republic ) The New York City Council is expected to approve an ordinance in the coming days
a man standing next to a kitchen counter . `` I really think he 's a good man , '' he said . `` I 'm glad he 's back . '' It was n't the first time he 'd heard of
a group of men and women playing a game called `` Furry Games . '' A group of men and women playing a game called `` Furry Games '' The group were wearing red and white shirts that read
a cat laying on to of a car and then being stopped by a police officer . It was not clear whether the officer was armed . Police said the young man was in the backseat of a black
a toilet a black phone and two rolls of toilet paper . The phone is held in place by a stick and the roll of toilet paper is held in place by a belt . If the person 's name is on
a row of wooden park benches sitting next to a row of grass . It 's a beautiful spot . On a warm summer day , I was in my early 20s as a young man . My wife and I
a bathroom filled with a row of sinks and bathroom sinks . The woman said she was sitting in the middle of a bathroom when she saw a man in his early 20s . She said she grabbed and pushed him
a child sitting at a table eating food from a bowl of rice in a small kitchen . `` You know , you ca n't keep food in your mind like that , you know ? '' Mr. Zilber said
a kitchen filled with lots of counter top goodies . These are the best gifts I 've ever had . I 'm so happy I got home and bought a little something. < |endoftext| > D.C . Councilmember
a bathroom filled with rotten , crap-slutty ass . As I was looking around I saw some guys standing around . I guess I should have seen some of them as they were being shoved down from
a bathroom with a white bath tub , a black toilet , and a black mattress on the floor . In the hallway , a number of people were seen wearing black clothes and black T-shirts with the message ``
a picture of a person talking on a plane . You may notice some of those words in the images from the above , because of their similarities to the words `` hugging . '' When we are looking
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom on the ground . He then says he 's going to try to run back to his house and say , 'You ca n't . You 'd better not . ' He goes back and tells me
a motorcycle parked next to a group of people who were sitting on a sidewalk in front of their home . `` I think he just saw something and went , 'Oh , he 's here , ' `` said the man
a picture of some white rails in front of a red-haired woman , who was wearing a white jacket . In the caption on a video of the incident , the girl said she was `` shocked and shocked
a large white toilet next to a child 's bed . The parents of the dead toddler in the room have now been charged with a number of offences including grievous bodily harm and assaulting a child . Officers
a cat looking off to it 's right side . `` Hey , you 're looking at me , '' she said . `` It 's just me . '' The cat is a four-year-old black cat named Jack .
a man wearing a tie , jacket and a black hoodie was charged with murder , robbery and aggravated assault. < |endoftext| > The Federal Reserve 's latest round of quantitative easing is not quite as big as the Fed had hoped for ,
a small propeller plane sitting on top of a massive aircraft carrier to help provide air support to the United States in times of crisis . The aircraft carrier is being built by Lockheed Martin to provide a larger carrier .
some wood cabinets in a large home kitchen and a basement . In his home , he used a small kitchen sink for washing his dishes . A small backyard shed and some of his kitchen cabinets are on a piece of
a bathroom sink below a well lit mirror . He 's a little surprised that she 's doing it . `` I do n't know how much time we have in the kitchen . We do n't have the time to go
a man standing next to a small airplane , and a woman in one of the seats in the back seat of the plane . The men 's faces , which were much more pronounced after a few hours , were quite dark ,
a small window in a wood walled room , a window that would fit on a piece of furniture . The windows were made of aluminum and were well outfitted with a variety of window handles and small windows , in addition
a cheesy pastry sitting on top of a breadstick topped with a side of cheese . Serves 5-6 . Ingredients 3 cups milk ( about 2 ½ cups at once ) 1
four jets flying in formation in a blue sky over the city of Mosul . The US military said on Twitter Wednesday that it had successfully shot down the plane . The US aircraft struck Daesh targets in Syria 's
a multicolored plane is flying in a circle in the background . These features are so obvious , they get the job done ! What 's next , why did they make you go get a pen so
a white stove top oven sitting in a black and white aluminum oven . 2 . Cook the onion . Add the garlic and cook until it turns golden brown and wilted , about 3 minutes . Add the red pepper
a woman sitting in a car holding a child to her back , and she says she was shocked . `` I was shocked because I felt like I was being held , '' she said . `` I was just so shocked
a bunch of ripe bananas sitting on a shelf . So , a bunch of ripe bananas and some pineapple . He took a deep breath and then looked up and saw the bananas . He saw the
a man standing in a bathroom not wearing his pants . It 's not as if the police did n't say anything . `` We do n't think this is a criminal offense , '' said Sgt . Peter Hinton , a
the motorbike is parked near the sign . I went back a second time and I thought I would have to move it to a park . I thought about it , and then I bought a new one . I was trying
a man riding a wave on top of a car . It is a scene from the film `` Crazy Ex-Girlfriend '' where the two lovebirds find themselves on the wrong side of a bridge and one
a pile of different fruits sitting next to each other and a large pile of tomatoes , peppers and onions . The rest of the food in the pile is a mix of vegetables , fruits and meats . I do n't
a group of young children kicking a soccer ball at another child and then stabbing them in the chest . The child was also stabbed by a man who was also stabbing his brother . Police said the man ,
a traffic light with all green lights over the street . This is a common practice in traffic jams that are caused by motorists turning left or right . A pedestrian may be struck by a vehicle . It is
a dog herding sheep in a grassy field . It 's a long way from home and the animals were getting cold on a hot summer day . `` I wanted to tell them that it was really cold ,
a grey and white cat outside looking into the rain , his eyes were still blue . He was not going to leave , but maybe he could get his hands on some cash . He looked at his watch . It was 3
a dinging area with yellow walls trimmed with red , black and blue , and white stripes . The entire area was covered with a layer of yellow , orange and red . The first part of the excavation involved a
a couple of glasses next to a iced tea that tasted like a tea . It was a bit of a stretch to say it was a tea , and it was n't . It was a light blue , but it was
people riding motorcycles in front of a building . His face was red from the blood and he looked very worried . Her hand was trembling , and he was trying to avoid her . `` I do n't know… Maybe
a bathroom with a white sink next to it , then walk down the steps to the bathroom . You can check out some of the other bathrooms in the room here . You can also order a free shower from our
a bathroom with gray painted walls and white stained glass windows . The bathrooms were filled with people with the same name : The two-bedroom , two-bathroom residence was one of the world 's smallest and the smallest apartment
a group of men standing on the side of a road during a protest at the entrance to a bazaar in the village of Harnaca in southern China 's Guangdong province . The violence has been particularly
a kitchen with a refrigerator and sink with a refrigerator and sink with a refrigerator . A kitchen with a kitchen sink with a refrigerator and sink with a refrigerator and sink A kitchen that has a kitchen sink or sink with
a white church sitting at the bottom of the hill . While the church was being renovated , a white man came out and said he had been fired from the church . The woman said he had been working in the
a wooden bench sitting in front of a large wooden chair , with the windows opened , a large wooden table and chairs and a large window over the fireplace . The place is the center of a small , three-
a view from the back of a church in Beijing , China . ( JAPAN ) - A Chinese church in China has been accused by a local court of having put a man on trial for blasphemy for allegedly being gay
a person racing on a motorcycle on a highway . Conducting such an act , in addition to the penalties , is a Class 3 felony . The Department of Motor Vehicles shall establish the penalty for the offense and
a public male bathroom with a long white curtain , a long white toilet and a short white curtain . `` I was surprised in that sense by the amount of people that came out to show their support for me , ''
a bare white bathroom with a bathtub . ( J.K. Rowling/Getty Images ) '' One of the things that 's really remarkable about this book is that it 's a story about this person who lives
a cat near the back of a car . He 's carrying a plastic bag of tissues . He 's a little bit injured , but he 's got a lot of the same injuries that people have . He 's a bit under
two people dressed warmly , standing at attention , who were all dressed in the same uniform . `` He 's the one who told me they 'd take him to the hospital , to be in an ambulance , '' said
a toilet and a door open next to the door . The toilet is filled with white powder and there is a large amount of blood on the floor and some of the dead bodies are strewn about the floor .
a large passenger jet taking off from an RAF base in Scotland . The plane is the largest ever in the UK . The CRS-7 will take off from a RAF base in Scotland at about 13
a small kitchen with glass and wooden cabinets . The kitchen was a small space in the middle of the restaurant . The kitchen was not always clean and there was a lot of dirt inside . The main counter was full of dishes
a white toilet sitting next to a window , on a concrete ledge . `` I was trying to sit on the edge of that balcony , '' said Mok . `` I was trying to get back in the shower .
a person on a motorcycle in a race . An accident involving a person who is a motorcycle rider is a felony . A person riding a motor vehicle is a misdemeanor if the person is in the vehicle for
two giraffes standing in a straw-colored cage . It is a long , slender animal that weighs about 1.5 kilograms , and is made up of about 18 different species . They are also quite aggressive
a group of people on a beach with a gun in their hands , shooting at them . `` I think the people who have been shot and killed have all been people of color who have never been in a violent
a brick wall in a large home bathroom . While he said his wife is `` going through everything , '' the couple was not willing to talk to anyone about their situation . `` It 's so hard to talk
a window in a kitchen filled with green vegetables . `` You ca n't really go in and put on a sweater and say , ' I want a sweater , ' `` Mr. Ritchie said . `` If you go
a cat standing on top of a car , or an elephant , or a cat on a bicycle . The government has also introduced a bill that will allow the police to carry out the `` search and rescue '' of
a jet airplane flies in a clear blue sky . The airman turns to the pilot and says , `` Is your jet airplane flying ? Are you sure ? '' The airman replies with a smile . The pilot says , ``
a jet sitting on an airfield awaiting its departure from Vietnam . In the first of three photos taken during the operation , the aircraft is seen flying into the airfield , where it continues to fly for two days
a jet airliner flying over a building with a telecommunication relay machine ( TEL ) down inside the city of Zajas on September 30 , 2018 . - Macedonians cast ballots on September 30 on whether to re
a kitchen with a sink , dishwasher , and a dry cleaner . They also provide a kitchen for the garden , an apartment , and a dining room . The restaurant offers a family dining room , a living room , and
several woman admire the alcohol available at the bar , and some women do n't seem to know or care that the woman 's name is Lauren Conrad . According to the Daily Mail , Conrad is also a frequent visitor
a couple of stools are in front of us , and we 're going to put them on it , '' she said . `` It was just a lovely day . It was a lovely day to be in . It
the family of elephants are traveling through the country , the elephant population is in decline , '' said Dr. Alain Boissant , a veterinarian at the French Academy of Sciences . `` The elephant population in the United
motorcyclists park their motorcycles on the city 's sidewalks . `` It 's amazing to see cyclists here . The bikes are so close , '' said Joe Henn , who is a volunteer bike rider in the city
a man skateboarding across a small wooden platform , the first thing he saw was an avalanche . `` I saw a huge avalanche , '' he said . He said he has seen more than 700 avalanches in
a busy city street filled with traffic at the moment . `` They 've got a very good driver for us , they 're very well-trained and have a good relationship with staff here , '' a man named Tim said
an intersection and three sets of traffic signal lights on the North Side of the city , just south of the University of Chicago . The lights were installed to stop a traffic jam that had caused a mass exodus of people to the
the bathroom is decorated in blue and green and yellow , and the bathroom is decorated in orange and green . `` It 's a great place to stay for family and friends , '' she said , adding that no one would
two stuffed animal bears sitting next to each other . They also had a number of other animals , including a big , red bear , a large bear , a smaller bear , and a bear that was in a zoo .
a herd of cows walking up a paved road . The driver yells , `` Come back here , and we 'll pay you what you ask . '' He asks another driver to take a picture of the herd . The driver points to
a few office desks with three desktop computers , a single , and an office computer with two desktops . In addition , there are office tables , a small , empty space for a computer , and a desk with a desk
a bathroom with a sink , a mirror , and a bathroom stall . The bathrooms are not the only bathrooms in the area — some of the smaller apartments and condos are also available . The bathrooms also offer
a small kitchen with a sink and an oven for cooking all day . These appliances allow you to make your meals in less than 10 minutes . This kitchen is perfect for all your needs . It is a great way
a parked motorcycle in front of a small shop . Police said that a man who was working at the shop told them that `` he saw a man walking up the street and started laughing , and then he saw a
a person wearing a straw hat walking a dog , or any person who has a permit to carry or carry a concealed weapon and who is not a licensed sheriff 's deputy . A person who has been convicted of a felony or
several bikers are parked around a small park on the edge of the city . As they pass , the first thing they notice is the trail of trees . There are two small trees on each side of the trail ,
a man reflected in a mirror standing next to a glass table . `` I 'm going to go buy a bunch of these and sell them , you know , for a little money . I just want you to know that I
a hallway with yellow painted walls and a big sign that says `` Welcome to the New World . '' It 's a nice sign . It 's a sign you 'll never see on a street corner . `` It 's not
a body of water with hoses of varying thickness , and with the water being pumped out of the tank , a hose is placed over the surface of the body of water and placed in the tank . An airtight lid
a sole person sits in the front pew . The owner is given the right to keep and maintain the property . How does this apply to my rental car ? The rental vehicle is owned by a sole
a construction scene with cranes against a backdrop of a huge statue of Christ . Advertisement A photo posted by @ Sally_Davies ( @ SallyDavies ) on Feb 14 , 2016
a parked motorcycle on the side of the street , and then he did . `` I 've had no trouble with him . He 's just been very polite . '' The incident comes a day after a car was
a white kitty looks intensely out of place in a black suit with glasses . I 'm not sure if that means that she 's wearing a white kitty suit or not . So she 's not wearing that white
a man wearing a leather jacket standing next to a truck . `` I 've got my hands full on things that would be very difficult for me to get my hands on , '' he said . `` I mean , it
a red bucket sits in a sink next to a plastic bag . The bag is about one inch thick , about 3/8 inch long , and about 1 1/2 inches wide . A bucket of this size is called
a hotel bathroom with brown cabinets and folded-up towels . He then turned around to his desk and was greeted with a long white sheet of paper . `` We need to get back in touch with you before the
the airplane is flying through the sky during takeoff ) I was really impressed . It was a very clean airplane . I would like to think that I was flying it with very little equipment and was not using any sort
a four engine propeller jet flies through the city to the front of the plane , then the airplane starts to fly across the street to the left . This is the first time I 've seen my plane flying at
a white sink in a bathroom under a nearby apartment building . `` I 'm looking like a real jerk , '' he said . Advertisement Continue reading the main story He was not alone in his behavior . On March
a man kiteboarding on top of a rock , but she did n't know how to do it . ( He did n't know if she was a dancer , a dancer , or a stuntwoman . ) When I told her
a bathroom is nicely decorated with calming colors and a cozy wall that is perfectly placed for your shower . We 've been talking about this for years and I think we all know it 's something we all should do .
a sink in a peninsula in a kitchen in the remote province of Cote d'Ivoire , on the other side of the Mediterranean . I was there in the early hours of the next morning and the water was
a bathroom is decorated in bright blue marble with intricate designs . The ceiling is adorned with ornate flowers . There is a large fountain at the end of the hallway . This is where the rest of the rooms take
a woman in a wet suite carrying a blanket and a blanket-covered backpack with her , a man and a woman . She is reported to have been in a state of shock and was seen by two police officers
a bathroom filled with a toilet next to a bathroom filled with a toilet next to a bathroom filled with a toilet The first time I tried this , I was terrified . I had been going through these things before ,
a bathroom is equipped with double rolls of duct tape and a set of plastic sheets . But that 's not what 's happening here . The problem is that the company is moving forward with a plan to make
two equestrians are leading horse and bullocks in the country . Many of them are in the crosshairs of the British government . The government of British Columbia , which is home to more than 30 million
cat looking out car window from car seat and the whole thing had to be stopped . No one was hurt . But I 'd tell someone that if the police were looking for them , I 'd pull them out of the car
a woman makes eggs on the stove top . A small amount of flour is added to the egg . The flour is then stirred to make the filling . After the egg is made , it is time to add the
hot dog with ketchup in paper wrapper , and then a couple of pints of wine , and then a couple of shots of whiskey . A couple of people had gone to see the family for a family reunion
a cat standing on the edge of a garden to watch the sun rise . He was a cat who , like a lion before him , had never been trained to be a cat . The cat 's name was L
a hotel room bathroom with granite vanity and an open kitchen . We ca n't believe it . We 've always wanted to do this and we 'll do it again . Why do n't we have a party at the hotel
a kitchen with a wooden counter , sink , and a kitchen sink and oven . The kitchen was also equipped with an electric heater and an electric heat exchanger , and the kitchen sink was equipped with a water heater
a formation of bicyclists are tagging along that is not always in line with the rest of the road . If you walk through the intersection , see that there is a lot of traffic coming in and out of the
three large windows at an airport are looking out over the town of Dijon , just outside the French Alps . The European Union , the biggest bloc in the world , has expressed concern about the security situation in
man driving a scooter with lady sitting next to her . The woman , who had a minor scuffle with the man , was arrested for driving under the influence . No charges were filed . The police
two kites shaped like world war 1/10 Warhead on a 1 x 10 scale ( 2 x 1,12 ) Warhead on a 1 x 10 scale ( 2 x 1,12 ) Warhead on a
a motorcyclist is attached to a vehicle and is in a position to control the vehicle . The motorcyclist must be under the influence of alcohol by the time the motorcyclist has reached the point of no return
a motorcycle is parked on cobblestones at the intersection of Main Street and E. 12th Street in San Antonio . ( Photo : Courtesy photo ) Riding a motorcycle is considered dangerous when it 's not clear
motorcycles and cars are parked outside the intersection of Piedmont and Piedmont avenues . People parked their bikes on Piedmont Avenue and in front of the intersection . The first vehicle involved was a
a small kitten sits next to the rear of a white cat . It 's about 20 pounds , weighs about 8 pounds and is very small . There is no big deal about this young cat . It is extremely friendly .
someone is standing in front of the toilet . `` There is nothing wrong with them for the time being , but they have to be given another chance . They have to be given to the police . They have to
an airport terminal looking out windows at a crowd of people waving pro-Russian flags outside the Moscow State Duma on March 22 , 2016 . REUTERS/Valentin Karpukhin Russia , the world 's top
a woman sitting on top of a wooden chair in the living room . Another woman sits on top of a wooden chair in the living room . A woman sits on top of a wooden chair in the living room . A woman
a couple of baby sheep standing next to each other . He 's going to be a big supporter of the bill if he wins it . There is , however , one issue that should be addressed : the use of
people skiing on a snowy ski bank while on the ski route . The ski route is also an extension of the traditional way of skiing , starting with a small hill and winding back into the valley . There
a woman riding a motor scooter with her daughter . The woman , who was not identified , was arrested on suspicion of criminal harassment . The woman , who is said to be in her twenties , was
traffic stopped at an intersection waiting for a bus . The driver was arrested and charged with driving without a license . Hollywood Studios , a subsidiary of the company , said it is reviewing the incident and is ``
the man with the red and black book , and the man with the red book , and the man with the red book of the Bible and the man with the black book of the Bible and the man with the black book
there is a large amount of graffiti drawn on the walls of the building , and a lot of graffiti is in general . It 's always a good idea to keep an eye out for any graffiti that may be coming down from
a kitchen with a black stove top oven and a small kitchen sink . 2 ) Take 3 cups of unsalted butter , lightly beaten , in a large bowl . Add the 1/2 cup flour and mix well
people are racing motorcycles on a race track ? '' `` No , we do n't do that . We do n't do it . We have nothing to do with it . '' The FIA has been in discussions with the
a red car sitting on to of a road in the south west of the city . `` The police said it 's a white car and we 're going to check it for anything suspicious , '' Mr. Bower said
a man riding a motorcycle down a city street . The man , who had a face mask , was stopped by police and charged with disorderly conduct , said Sgt . Jason O'Neil of the Toronto Police Service .
a man riding a motor cycle , four people on that bicycle and one person in the crowd at a rally were shot dead by police on the same day , according to police . Police said they know how many people
elephants shown grazing in the wild . Photo : John W. Pizzey Piggybacking , also known as a form of the zebra-breeding that has spread across the United States
a sideways picture of a bathroom with a man in the front with a knife , and a woman in the back with a gun . The shooting , reported at 2:27 p.m. , came as a police
a woman putting on a lipstick holding a large black object . The woman was wearing a black dress and sunglasses and was wearing a black jacket and dark blue jeans . The woman said she was walking to the
a black and white dog herds a bunch of wolves to hunt and the other herd of wolves and coyotes to feed them . I was really excited when I saw just how much time I had to spend on the wolves ,
a bathroom with a sink , toilet and toilet seat . She even took off her clothes and threw them onto the floor of the bathroom . `` I ca n't help but think that I 'm being a little bit reckless
a pile of different types of vegetables on the kitchen counter ? How to eat vegetables : To eat vegetables , you need to eat them slowly . You can make small amounts of vegetables , and then add them
a bathroom with a white tub next to it . He then walked over to the kitchen and placed a bowl of soup on top of the sink . He placed the bowl on top of the sink , and then looked at the
two horse-drawn chariots racing on the plains of southern Italy . I was looking around the city , my eyes narrowed . I had no idea where my own house had been , only that I 'd found it there .
a person on a blue motorcycle next to a parking lot . The driver is charged with driving under the influence of alcohol . The driver is taken to the hospital with a non-life-threatening injury .
a man is protecting his herd from danger , as if it were a child . That is what is happening at the moment . `` A man is protecting his herd from danger , as if it were a child . ''
group of young people on bicycles following a protest by activists , who said that they were protesting against the removal of a statue of the Buddha . The group said they were not using bicycles to protest against the removal of
a group of people enjoying a day at the park . `` It 's important to remember that the park is open to the public all year . '' The group has been using the park for over six months and it is
a man stepping off the curb on a motorcycle . The woman was driving a dark white Lexus and the man was wearing a white shirt . The two women were sitting in the back seat of the car , with their hands
a bathtub in a bathroom next to the bathroom sink are not the cause of this . The bathtub is located in an alley and may have a bathroom sink , but it is not the source of the bathtub fire
a man on a motorcycle with a group of armed security guards walking his dog in Washington , D.C. , during a protest in support of President Donald Trump in Washington , U.S. , May 12 , 2017 . REUTERS
an image of a bathroom setting with an orange and red backdrop , and a black and white image of a bathroom setting with a white background . The main feature of the interior of the bathroom is made of
a man holding holding a giant remote control with his hands up in the air , his head tilted over his shoulder and the red flash of an LED on his hand illuminated the whole room . `` No , '' he said
a yellow motorcycle passing by people behind a parked car , and two white men who looked like they were from the KKK . Both were armed with guns and had a large tattoo on their chests . Advertisement The
a person riding a motorcycle around a curve or in the air . `` A person who is not a motorcycle rider is not one who is able to use his or her arms for a wide range of activities such as
a bathroom sink under a mirror and lights the room in . `` I 've been doing a lot of work in the kitchen , '' he says . `` I 've been looking at the kitchen , looking at the glass .
a construction site as can be viewed from the site of the building . The construction site contains approximately 13,000 sq ft of land with a total of 4,000 sq ft of land and a median of 2
two teddy bears with candy bars sitting on them . `` And the two teddy bears that I put there were n't there . And they would stick out of the back of the seat and the seat would turn
a large blue bird balloon flying in the sky . `` The weather was quite a bit bad , '' he said . `` We 'd have to land about half an hour before the flight ended so it was kind of a
a herd of sheep passing by people behind a tree . There are many other incidents to report but this is the first one to be reported in the UK so it needs to go far to prove that , while it
two people are flying a large character kite . The first person to hit the ground at the right moment is the one who is the most experienced . The other person who is not the most experienced is the one
a white toilet hiding behind a glass case in their home in an isolated part of the city . Some said they were shocked their loved ones had been attacked by an intruder . The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon
a group of soldiers on skis in the middle of the night , according to a witness . `` They have taken the soldiers to an unknown place and put them in a van and the passengers fled screaming into the
a man bending down to fix his motorcycle , and a woman , who was riding on a bicycle , both pulled over and stopped . The driver of the motorcycle was charged with second-degree reckless endangerment , but
a broken toilet bowl base overturned in a field in Hanoi ' A woman is injured when she was hit by a car as she was doing a walk in the rain in Hanoi ' . The
an apartment kitchen tucked in under a stairwell in a rundown part of the building , and there are small tables , chairs , and chairs in the living room , so it 's a little intimidating . However , you can imagine
a row of parked motorcycles sitting on the street . Two young men , all with black hair and blue-grey eyes , were sitting in the parking lot of a nearby convenience store when a white Honda Civic pulled up
a couple of motorcycles parked next to each other , the police said . Police are looking for a man who fled the scene on foot . Police are investigating. < |endoftext| > The world 's largest city has been given a massive
this is a large white sink located in the middle of the woods . I would recommend going there for the first time with your own water . The water will still be cool as far as the surface of the wood
a cat sitting on a gravel ground in the middle of the forest . A small child is lying on his back . It is the young girl who is doing the talking , so he begins to walk towards her
group of women holding up red cups near the entrance to the hotel . The hotel was closed because of a fire . Police said a fire was found in the parking lot . Investigators are looking at the possibility
an airplane in the sky during the day , but in the afternoon , after the night is over , you 'll get a look at the sky for a second . If you 're looking at a map of your region
an image of group of people to motorcycles , according to the report . In addition , the report noted , some of the most frequent violations of the law are the following : • Police officers are required to
a man riding a motorcycle with a woman who was holding his pregnant wife outside of the home . Her husband , who was in his late 50s , was driving the motorcycle when it struck him . The woman who
a small propeller airplane taking off from the city in the west and heading east at speeds of up to 300 mph , '' said a press release from the U.S. Air Force . Boeing 's new
a woman sitting at a table inside of a restaurant and telling her `` I just want to go out and hang out with my boyfriend '' , the girl says , before saying something about her family and her family members .
a large large floating out in the water . `` You do n't need to be a fool to be fooled by this , '' said the man . `` They have no idea where you are . They know who you are
a black and stainless steel kitchen with a beautiful interior . This house is beautiful . This room is a modernist and modernist home . The master bedroom is full of modern furnishings . It has a very spacious
an unattached toilet in the middle of the street . The next day , a woman came out of the woodwork with a broken leg and a broken shoulder . The woman tried not to walk off her bike in
man and woman riding scooter on the back of a van . The driver of the van — with the woman in the driver seat — was charged with aggravated assault and has been placed on leave . Police
a toilet is next to two toilet paper cups and a large bowl , which he says he uses to clean himself off . When the two students went to a local pub to buy a sandwich , the first person they
a modern kitchen and with snacks set on the table . And I do n't know , what could it be that makes you so happy ? As I have been telling you , there is something missing in all
two people in a butcher shop processing meat . A police spokesman said police were not immediately available to comment . A spokesman for the city 's Department of Public Works said it was `` deeply shocked '' by the incident
a man is riding a skateboard across the street at the intersection of Broadway and Grand Street in New York City on Wednesday , Sept. 20 , 2013 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson An NYPD spokesman confirmed the shooting
a young man is on a bicycle talking to his mom who is on the ground in a car . She says he was standing at a red light at the time of the crash . She tried to intervene as he started to
a brick walkway leading to a glass-plated courtyard at the back of the building , the building itself being the only one of its kind on the site . The building is constructed in a semi-circ
bathroom stalls with graffiti written on the wall . `` We are fighting for freedom from this tyranny , '' he said . The group claimed responsibility for the attack , which killed six people on Monday morning .
a kitchen with a stove and a sink . The couple , who live in the same apartment complex , were recently caught up in a feud over the price of a `` gourmet '' pizza and a $ 1 .
a man standing next to a bikes and a woman walking near the city 's international airport . The couple had been trying to set off from São Paulo 's main airport in a motorbike . But the
this image is of a kitchen sink and a kitchen chair in the city of New York , but it 's so far from what I thought it would look like in real life , and I 'm having a hard time believing it
photo of a public restroom with green tiles The bill is sponsored by Rep. Jim Bridenstine ( R-Minn. ) , a member of the House Human Services Committee . It has also been introduced by Rep
a modern style kitchen filled with may different food and drink options . The kitchen is open 6 days a week . The kitchen is open 7 days a week . The kitchen is open 6 days a
half of a kitchen shows stainless steel appliances , but the others are just about impossible to make , and can be made by hand . This is why the stainless steel appliances we offer ( and what 's more , we recommend you
a tall church has clocks and trees on its roof . Its walls are a reflection of the `` white '' side of the church , which is lit by candles , and its ceiling is filled with `` blue '' lights .
two women are talking to a man on the rooftop . The man is a black man in his 20s , and he has a beard , short black hair and is wearing a white jacket . The woman , who was not
an older person sitting on a wooden bench . `` We 're not trying to be disrespectful to our young people , but if you do n't understand your rights or your rights as a person who has been here for over
a clean kitchen with 4 stools in the middle . The kitchen had 2 stools , 2 stools and a table . The second stool was a sink . The sink was placed directly under the sink .
a man and his dog are on a hike . This is a big and dangerous hike . It is best to avoid it as many people will be walking there and other hikers will also be walking there . Once you
a large airplane flying over a lush green forest in the middle of the desert . '' The aircraft , which is known as the MiG-29 , was equipped with an array of sensors and sensors that can detect terrain
a small , neat , simple kith and kinesthetic experience , or a personal way of thinking . The idea is to be able to connect them in a way that 's not just a social process , but a
a large white airplane flying through the air at about 835 miles per hour . It was the closest , and fastest aircraft to the moon , the Space Shuttle ( with an average speed of 6.8 miles per hour )
an image of a bowl of tomatoes and a half slice of avocado . The idea for the bowl was originally inspired by the American dish `` Foggy 's Potato Salad . '' The dish is made with a mix of
a woman is riding a motorcycle down the street and she says , 'Hi , I 'm riding a motorcycle , ' and I think , 'What 's wrong with you ? ' and she says , 'What 's wrong with you ? '
a cat sitting on a motorcycle next to a school bus . She was not in the car at the time . `` I was just driving , '' said her friend , who did not want to be named . `` She
an airplane sitting on an asphalt landing strip. < |endoftext| > A man had his body dumped in the middle of the road in North Carolina , a state that has seen a steady increase in homicides over the past couple of years .
a toilet in a bathroom with green faded curtains . `` I have not seen him . I have never seen him in my life , '' he said . `` I think he has a girlfriend . I think he
a dining area has an open window to the outside and a view of the cityscape . You may also want to consider a private balcony overlooking the main building that has a view of the city . The view is
a white toilet and potted plant behind . I would find it hard not to try to take my eyes off the screen screen . I was so intrigued by the new look that I went out to play video games
a bathroom with a sink , tub , shower , and living room . `` They say he 's good at this , but I ca n't make it up to them , '' she said . `` He 's just been a
an air force jet flying in a deep dive . The jet is equipped with a new propulsion system , a new propulsion system that is designed to accelerate the aircraft by as much as 20 percent . The jet is also
a plane on an airstrip taking of water from the water supply . In a statement Sunday , the Pentagon said that the jet had been `` flying over a number of locations on the ground , '' including the Pentagon .
a man on a motorcycle with two woman in a car . A man has been arrested after police say he was driving a stolen van on a B.C . Highway near Highway 1 and Highway 2 in a north
a person frying some kind of food on his head that you should take his blood . The person will probably be able to handle the food . The person will probably be able to eat the food .
a modern toilet in a a cool modern apartment in Vancouver . All of those things are nice , and I like them all . But the question this time is : How would you feel about the water ? It 's such an
a man flying through the air while riding a motorcycle , and a woman who tried to pull him over . A police sergeant said the three other passengers were pulled over by officers on scene . The driver was
a tray of food on a wooden table . She was alone in the kitchen , and her head was covered with a sheet of paper . `` You 're not going to take care of me , do you ? ''
a white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a fireplace . `` I do n't see what I did wrong , '' she said . `` I went out and got some water . I was going to get a shower .
a pine apple on top of a pile of leaves . The tree has not died . The next day , I took a break from the work and made my way to the plant nursery where my daughter 's garden was
a toilet in a bathroom next to a school bus , a young girl was found dead in the bathroom in the city of Kolkata . The police said the girl was found dead on Sunday evening in a flat
a walk in shower next to a tub of soda 3 . Make sure that you do not use the toilet or shower with an extended period of time . 4 . Use it outside while you shower because it
an airplane is sitting on a runway ready to land at Miami-Dade International Airport . There , you 'll be able to experience the historic airshow , as well as live music , live entertainment , and more .
a line of benches that are snow covered by snow . The city 's new parks department said the project would bring about 350 new park jobs and a $ 20 million surplus . The new parks department said the
a man trying to heard some goats in his yard , and he was yelling , 'You 've got to take off ! ' I said , 'No no no no , you 're not . You 're a woman . ' And he
a kitchen with wood floors and green , white and blue windows . When I went to pick up my children , I went to a school for kids with special needs and I saw that the color of the school was green
a prop airplane flying on a cloudless sky . While the military had no comment on whether the jet was on its way to the site , officials said it had flown over the city of Srinagar and was
a lady is preparing pancakes in a charming little house in the city . A woman has just arrived in town from the United States , and she 's so excited to start cooking her pancakes that she starts to wonder if she 'll
an empty kitchen with wooden cabinets and black-and-white , gray-and-white sheets of white paper . `` There 's just a little bit of a problem with the place . The only thing I can
a bathroom key on a keychain made by the French government and sold by the French government in the US . In the US , these keychains are made by a French company called F. The keychain , with its
an image of a two large monitors with a white background , which are displayed at a distance of about 100 feet . The camera is attached to a tripod and focuses on the left , while the other two monitors are directly
a white toilet sitting next to a white toilet . `` I 'll let you know if you want it , '' said the woman , who did not want to be named . `` This is why it has to
a person riding a motorcycle down a street or a driver of a motor vehicle who is using a motor vehicle to drive a motor vehicle , including a person on a motorcycle , who is riding a motor vehicle to a speed limit
a bathroom furnished with two sinks , a shower and a washroom , with a room for three people , a bathroom for four people and a washroom for one . At night , the bathroom was a separate room from the
an angled shot of a fully stocked kitchen , but it 's a tough task to get everything back together , especially with all the new kitchen equipment . The kitchen comes with a full-sized sink , so be sure
a grey computer mouse and a silver metal-blue keyboard . A simple and elegant name . I 'll be using it . As I 've mentioned , the computer was developed by the company , GmbH , and
several wooden benches , all lined up with the usual suspects of the `` brave '' and `` mildly unusual '' of the `` witty '' and `` inspiring '' of the `` fancy '' and ``
a glass window of a storefront displays a video featuring a man who appears to be sitting in a wheelchair , a woman , and a man holding a bottle of water . The women were reportedly trying to stop the man
a man standing on a snow covered field . He was wearing a helmet and saw the man running . He then pulled out his pistol and fired once , striking the man , who was still holding a handgun , in the neck
a picture of a tv displaying a television show . One of the most popular and popular images of the TV show , the picture shows a TV show . The pictures of the tv show appear in different ways .
a group of men riding motorcycles in street-level traffic with a gun . The man , identified only as `` Kazooi '' by police , was wearing a black jacket , a black headscarf and
a dog is catching a frisbee . The new , unadorned , and highly unusual species is called P. cineleus , and it 's found in many parts of the world . P .
a woman and child stand in the kitchen , her head down , and I could see her face , looking straight at me . She 's a child . '' In a video posted on Twitter , her mother claims that she
a tv with two cows standing in a circle around it A couple of cows in front of a small display of cows in the centre of it A cow from the center of the display , holding a cow
a woman walking on the beach holding a baby , and a man who had been drinking , and a man who had been drinking with a woman . The police say they arrived at the scene of the crime on a bicycle ,
a man taking a picture of a woman from behind . `` He said : 'Do you know who I am ? I 'm a girl with a long beard and a big face . ' `` He said :
an image of a moped sitting out in the sand on a beach . At least , that 's what the New York City Police Department says . `` The Moped is a very dangerous vehicle , and
two girls are dressed cladly on a beach in their early thirties . The four are dressed in casual attire or an elaborate outfit that they have been dressed up to by a man in a high-top suit ,
a blue motor scooter with a catheter . It was a bit of a shock to see a woman wearing a red dress . You could tell she was quite surprised that she had the money to buy a new car .
a poster of a sad dog for an American dog show . `` It 's not the dog that makes the show , but it 's a dog that makes it better , '' he says . Some of the dog
a fighter jet sitting on top of an aircraft carrier , with its deck on fire and the commander of the fleet on the ground . The incident occurred around 11:30 p.m. , when the commandos of
an all white bathroom with a modern looking , modern bathroom , '' said J.J. Wilson , a Seattle-based lawyer who specializes in Asian-American issues . `` It 's a wonderful example of how the American dream can
an image of a school approved lunch in a Houston school district . The school district says students who get on the school bus can get free meals . The Houston Chronicle reported Wednesday that the school district was required to provide
a high end bathroom with double sinks and one large bathroom with bathrooms all with a shower . In order to get a picture of the bathroom , you 'll need to go to the nearby store . Most of the stores
a sink and a toilet in a bathroom . I was a bit shocked by how many people were able to get out of the house . I was a bit surprised at how many people were able to get out of the house
a colorful bathroom with four sinks in front of it . He 'd been to a few of these places and there was quite a bit of that , but he did n't use them . `` So , my friend ,
a run down bathroom with a toilet and a little girl . `` She just screamed , '' said Sosa . `` I do n't know what she did , but I really , really wanted to save her . She was
a box of donuts and a bag of hot dogs . `` If you have a really low tolerance for the odor , you 'll go right ahead and make a quick sandwich , '' says the restaurant 's owner . The
a modern bathroom with a toilet and pedestal . While the building is a beautiful piece of architecture , the building itself is a poor example of modernism . I 've been to many museums and read a lot of
a lady wears an apron when she gets stuck in the car . `` I was like , 'Oh my god , this is going to happen . ' I was like , 'You know , I 'm not going
a woman in a kitchen with a puzzled look on her face . The woman , who identified herself only as Mary , says she was just trying to help a friend who had been killed by a stray bullet .
street cleaners are taking a rest from work at the London Underground . The National Post has learned that the staff at the station have been asked to rest after work on Saturday . An official with the London Underground
a television is showing an animal abuse commercial . The commercial was seen by many as an attempt to raise awareness and funds for animal welfare and to promote animal rescue . The commercial is about a person who buys
a kitchen with a sink , stove , and grills , two large , square-sized kitchens that were mostly built of wood . This led to the idea of a living room in the basement , which we called the ``
a motorcycle covered with a red blanket is a sign of how dangerous it can get . But the problem is that it is not as easy to find a safe place for your bike to go when you have one .
a cat climbing up the wall between two houses . A cat that is in her early twenties , and a cat I found on a beach . I 've been to some places that I wish I could have known more
an image of a girl playing with a toy gun , it is believed his parents were planning to kidnap him . A group of 20 men , including one from the police and two from the military , stormed the home
several elephants grazing in a marshy plain , and the herd is so large that the grass is so dense that it would be impossible for the herd to reach the water 's surface . The herds are all about
a young boy dressed in winter clothes is a man . He was arrested on suspicion of possession of a prohibited weapon in connection with the crime. < |endoftext| > A man was arrested after police say he stabbed at least four people
a man dressed in black is standing in front of the front door of a house . `` I 'm gon na kill you , '' one of the men says to him . The other man does what he can to calm the
a woman on a motorcycle wearing a baggy-length skirt and wearing a small backpack . She was wearing a black scarf , white T-shirt , black jeans and a white t-shirt , and a white hat .
two ladies are riding bicycles through a marketplace , '' said Rachael Smith , an attorney and former lawyer with the state 's attorney 's office . `` It 's very difficult to justify it . People would be angry that the state
two people in a grassy field with a tree trunk . Two men in white shirts and blue shirts and all-black t-shirts . All dressed up in white . My friends , I 'm about to go
a car with its doors open on a weekday morning and no driver could be seen . One passenger , a woman , was ejected from the car , the New York Post reported . `` We just saw him
a large grey air craft is preparing to deploy its nuclear warhead . The missile is a series of missiles with multiple warheads . One of them is designed to target a group of people . The second is
a black and white motorcycle with flags on each side . A `` Horse on the Border '' sign on the front . `` We were just hoping to get some help from the police , '' said John , who said
a woman is in the kitchen backing a man who was shot to death by her ex-boyfriend , a police report says . The suspect , who was seen walking through the yard of the couple 's home in
a white structure in a street next to a bar . The building is located in front of a home , but in a different neighborhood . A short distance away , in a large parking lot , is a large sign saying ``
looking into a lighted bathroom with double doors and a shower/room , and she was dressed in a black and white t-shirt and black jeans . She was dressed in a white and red , black and white ,
air force plane sitting on an air field at an undisclosed location in the northern Gulf of Mexico . The plane 's engine failed to ignite and a fire broke out . The fire was then extinguished , and the plane crashed into a
a bred and silver plane resting on stands . `` We have seen lots of people say that , 'We believe in God , but we do n't believe in angels , ' '' said John Niells , the director
men flying a kite that looks like a giant kite . I 've never seen such a thing . This is the only time that I 've received such a great deal of praise , and I ca n't be
a multicolored airplane is flying in the sky above China 's People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLA ) Air Force Base Shenzhen , China on Tuesday ( Dec. 19 ) . The aircraft is a multi-role aircraft
this cabin has a kitchen that features wood cabinets , a dishwasher and a bathroom . The cabin has a kitchen that features wood cabinets , a dishwasher and a bathroom . The cabin has a bathroom with a window
a kitchen with a sink , cutting board , and some small kitchen scraps , and the kitchen sink . I had a few other things , too , but they all seemed to have left me with a sense of relief . For
snow covered benches with bushes in the middle of the woods . The white sandstone cliffs were covered with a layer of vegetation like a desert , and a wide gap between the white sandstone cliffs and the rocky cliffs was
a white and blue jet airliner docked in the Mediterranean Sea in December 2010 . A couple of years later , the pilot was found dead in his cabin , said Italian police . The case was reopened in December 2010
a photo of a full organized old style wedding dress in the background . The bride and groom took the picture of the bride in all its splendor . The bride , who has a long and illustrious family
a bathroom with a gouged wall and a hole in the wall which can be easily fixed by a screw or a metal saw . There are also `` homes '' at all of the locations where it is possible to fix
a messy home office space with no one to turn to for help , or to work from home in the office . Advertisement So , it 's not surprising that there are no `` real '' jobs in the
a motorcycle in a handicapped parking spot on N-13 , in a vehicle with a rider , a police officer and two other people . Police said the suspects were wearing dark clothing , with a head scarf and
an image of a broken toilet thrown in the direction of a man in a white coat as he was being interviewed . The man was then seen running down a street in the West Midlands , after a short chase .
a giant plane sits on the landing strip at the site of the alleged attack , which killed at least 22 people and wounded 59 at a nearby mosque , killing at least 32 others and wounding dozens more , in the city of
a man in black shirt on a motorcycle . `` I was just watching it when I saw the news . It was unbelievable . '' The man , identified by police as William M. McQuarrie , was charged
a little cat peeking up from inside the house . `` Come on , I 'll show you what to do ! '' `` I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , '' said the cat . `` I was just going to
riot police form a line to control a car with a taser to make matters worse , the officer told jurors . The officer who shot and killed Michael Brown told jurors that he was on the ground when Brown shot
a white bathroom with two separate white sinks and a `` tastefully inappropriate '' `` taste '' of the dishwasher . Police say the woman was apparently trying to find some kind of alcohol when she got into
a little girl sitting on a motorized bench . His shirt was a blue and very loose . Her head was swollen with a bit of swelling due to the pain . `` We 're not good . A girl like
looking through windows into the run way of the town and saw a number of people . The woman with the blue skirt came running back to the shop and said , `` She 's here . '' `` I was told she
police on horseback and bicycles holding a sign that read `` No One Kills Animals for Profit '' to protest the killing of animal rights activists . The rally was organized by the Southern Poverty Law Center . The
a bathroom with a toilet mop bucket in the middle of it . I could see the water being drawn down to my penis so I started to masturbate . I was already on my penile shaft . I would masturb
a table with a bag of beans and a bunch of peas . He 's sitting there and watching everything . `` I think it 's nice to see him get a little bit better . He 's been working hard and
a barren bathroom with bucket , toilet and sink . We have a large , open pool , but it 's a bad place to be . We are a community of people who love to play on the beach and enjoy
donuts and a bag of beans on the side . Mmmm… this is good for me . And this is where we start our food prep . The first thing 's to do is prepare
women are preparing drinks for themselves in the lobby of a Target in Dallas , Texas , Wednesday , April 9 , 2016 . ( AP Photo/Patrick Semansky ) WASHINGTON , D.C. -- At least three
a small child sitting on a toilet in the middle of the hall . `` I do n't know why you 're telling me , but I 'm a very nice girl , '' she said . `` And you 're
public restroom with white toilet and white sink , and the bathroom with black bathroom with black toilet and white sink . According to the report , the woman who was arrested has a history of mental health issues , including bipolar
some military personnel and chefs standing by a restaurant . `` I 'm glad you 're here , '' he replied . `` I do n't think I 've ever been in a place like this before . '' The restaurant closed
an airplane approaching for landing over the water , he says . `` I 'm pretty sure that if I was a Navy veteran , I would have just flown to the sea right now , '' he said . But
an image of a junky garage with a `` diverse '' menu of food , drink , and the usual assortment of cars . The decor is all the same , with black and white signs reading `` Downtown is for
an image of a man on motorcycle with the caption `` I had no idea why my friends were so angry with me '' . In the following days , the group of women were confronted by a man who had threatened them
a group of people on motorcycles in a village near the capital , Kiev , on May 30 , 2016 . ( AP Photo/Ekaterina Samutinova ) Reuters Russia 's Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rog
a blueberry muffin in a bowl . You can use the same recipe ( but use a more traditional muffin recipe ) If you do n't have the leftover muffins , you can add them in a bowl
people are standing in a kitchen with solo-wielding children in their hands , and their mothers are sitting quietly on the floor . `` I do n't know what 's the point , '' the father said .
a plane on an airport runway on a flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur AFP/Getty 36/50 27 August 2018 The crowd pauses for 72 seconds silence in remembrance of all those lost in the Grenfell Tower fire at the
an outdoor toilet with the sun shining in from the balcony . They also use an indoor shower . They use the bathroom to put on their clothes and to wash their hands . They also wear t-shirts
a bathroom with a sink a mirror and a mirror and there was a small mirror on every side of it . `` I was not going to take it . '' The police officers took pictures of the bathroom and
a truck stopped on a street behind a school , the truck driver , who was also a teacher , said he was `` very angry . '' The victim , who did not want to be named , told police he had
a german shepherd dog wearing a helmet and holding a machete . The dog is known for its barking , and it is also known to have a tendency to lose its appetite . Kerner-B
people clustered around a vendor on a street corner , the store 's owner said . He said he was not aware of any fatalities or injuries. < |endoftext| > Fantasy football is a very exciting game . Many teams are playing
a bathroom with all white fixtures and a bathtub . The bathrooms are all fully stocked with shower stalls , showers , and shower curtains . There are plenty of bedrooms on the property . The property
a close up of a giraffe and then she was there , and it was just so much fun to watch . `` I think she was so beautiful to me , '' said Kelly . `` I was like , '
an old , small , white , wooden chair . It 's so small and light it 's almost like it 's a toy . It 's kind of like a piece of furniture , like a toy you 'd put on a shelf
an image of a woman on tv in her thirties . A woman with a baby on her lap , with her face covered in a baby . I think I ca n't even begin to explain her look to my wife
view of a stove next to a stainless steel dishwasher ( they were sold in the United States ) and had a little bit of a problem . When I finally pulled the dishwasher out of my bag , I found it
a conference table full of people working on the world 's biggest and most important issues and issues of our time . We look forward to working with you . '' `` We 're really grateful for the great work you 've done
a southwest air plane flying over clear skylight ( top left ) , and to the north a large white flag flying above the aircraft . A second Air Force F-15E Strike Eagle is being flown over the
an image of a cars driving on the A10 in Sydney , Australia Getty Images 9/8 The car park at the Victoria railway station where the train derailed on the way to Melbourne 's Docklands station on July 11 ,
a toilet sits in the middle of a park . A girl is sitting on the edge of the toilet with her boyfriend . The boy is a lorry driver who is driving through the park , trying to get into the park
view of a narrow kitchen looking thru to the backyard and down to the dining area , while the front porch and the staircase swing open from the back . The patio is open , but the front patio is not .
a picture of a brown and white dog in a wheelchair . `` It 's like a lot of these people are going to die , '' she said . The photo , taken by a friend on Facebook , was shared almost
an image of two bikers at a rally in Washington , D.C. , on May 31 , 2017 . ( Photo : Matt Rourke , AP ) A few weeks ago , I wrote about how Donald Trump
an old motorcycle standing in a grassy area near the road . It was the last big motorcycle since it was built in the 1930s in an area that had some of the oldest and most famous mountain roads in the country
someone projecting a video onto a bathroom mirror , the image could be anything from a picture of a man with a beard to an image of a woman with a beard . It is not even clear if the person is
a large group of military people with hats and long , skinny black hair who came out to the city from their homes in the mountains . They 're trying to make a difference . They 're trying to make it as clear as
a view from a house looking outside at the site of his death . The woman , identified only as `` Nadine , '' was pronounced dead at the scene , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics said
a close up of a cat laying on top of a large tree . The video also shows that this is the first time a cat has been seen in the wild with the aid of a camera . The footage ,
a door opens to a plain , white car . A man in a blue T-shirt and jeans walks up to him and introduces himself . He stops at the front of the car and looks down at the floor . He
lady working in a kitchen while manning his own car . And , in the end , he was convicted of child molestation . For a brief moment , the jury heard testimony from former Miss Universe
a blurry black an white image of a woman holding a knife . The woman then pulled the knife out from under her and stabbed her in the stomach with it , the court heard . The court heard the
a dog performing a trick at a dog park . The police report states that the dog was called to the police station in the 5800 block of West 14th Street shortly after 5:20 a.m .
view of a yellowish bathroom with stains from the shower . The woman appeared in court on Wednesday , accused of breaking into the bathroom . She allegedly told police she had used bleach to break in the bathroom
several bicyclists catching a ride behind the wheel will be subject to a special ride-by-wire permit . The city is also requiring riders to wear helmets or other safety gear on the road , but not
an old , dirty bathroom contains a mop of dirt and broken glass . While it 's not a shame , it 's still not something you would want to have in a real place . I love the idea of a place
various foreign snack foods are on a list of things to keep in mind when making your next meal . While you may have already made some of these recipes , here 's a list of the most popular snacks as
a young boy standing in the rain holding his head in the air , and the wind whistling through the trees and the leaves of the trees . `` You 're not going to die , you 're going to be
a woman with glasses wearing an orange t-shirt and a small black dress . `` I asked her if she would like to come to the show and they said no , '' said another woman with glasses wearing a blue t-
a kitchen with stainless steel kitchen appliances and kitchen fixtures . The kitchen is furnished with a wide range of kitchen appliances , including a kitchen sink , microwave , kitchen sink , microwave oven , microwave oven rack , and microwave storage unit
a church with a clock tower on an old church . The windows were closed and the door was open . In time , the church became a center for the worship of Jesus Christ . The Church of the Holy Sep
view of a bathroom vanity looking into a bathroom window . It was a very easy move to make , and you will definitely want to take the time to check it out . It is a nice little place , with a good
an unfinished bathroom with a boarded window and a locked door . The man is about to leave the apartment when , on the way out , he hears a loud bang and immediately moves outside to meet the man who is screaming in
a little boy is looking over a police report on a shooting scene . The boy , named only as `` Tahteke '' by his mother , was shot in the chest at about 3:45 p .
a smiley face cake is centered on the back of my neck and is a bit of a bit of a mess . The back is a bit more of a mess than my neck and it 's kinda hard to see through
a close up of a scooter parked in front of the door of the store . `` I was just waiting for the guy to go home . I had the car and my girlfriend . We were just waiting for
an advertising photograph of a motor bike and a small bike at a local park . `` There are several other places in the country where this kind of thing is happening , but it 's happening here , '' says Dr .
women riding bicycles and people walking near street intersections , and also to provide emergency medical services to the homeless . Those services include : Rescue and support services for people with disabilities Medication , drugs and
a white cat looking out of the window . The man 's black cat was sitting right next to her , in a white t-shirt and black pants , and he was trying to make his way back to the scene .
white cat looking out a closed car window in his backyard . The car was sitting in the driveway of the home where he lives with his wife and two children , according to an affidavit . He was driving erratically
a man and women working in a butcher shop are also charged with murder . `` I 'm not sure if they are the same person , '' says the victim 's mother , who declined to give her name . The victim also didn
a person riding a motorized scooter in the same manner as a person riding a bicycle , or any person with a motorized scooter in the same manner as a person riding a bicycle . ( 1 ) Except as
a white metal structure behind a traffic light , and the body appears to be of black , with a large skull . The body is found in the back of the car , on top of the car 's hood .
a mirror in a hotel bathroom that has been replaced by a `` new '' mirror . The New York Times called the mirror `` the most famous public mirror in the world . '' It was built in 1964 in the former
an image of a boy on his bike ; and a picture of a boy sitting on the same bench with his mother on the opposite side of the road . There were no signs of the group 's group-walking
small orange tiled kitchenette in wooded area ; three bedrooms , two bathrooms ; two bathrooms with open kitchenette ; two large kitchenette ; and two small bathroom with double bed . The dining room was designed
a image of a cat at the doorstep of the local nursery . It 's all part of a large series of photographs that were shared with us by our readers . But the cat was a bit of a hit and
a brown wooden bench sitting up against a wall . The girl 's face was a bright light , and her lips were curled . She had a thin , slender hand in her hair , and her fingers were held tight .
a bathroom with two sinks and a luxurious dining room . Hollywood , Los Angeles , CA In a small , but bustling hotel room , one of the world 's leading producers , director and actors — and
this bathroom contains a toilet , sink , and shower . I do n't want to be a dirty person . If I do , I 'll be a dirty person . I will be a dirty person . '' `` If you
a large airplane parked on a runway at sea . The image was taken by a user on Sunday , September 29 , 2017 . The user has since been identified as Carlos Baez . ( Source : Xinhua| 2017-
a large construction vehicle is stopped on the road and the driver of the vehicle is arrested for causing crime and causing to be taken to a police station where he is placed under arrest and is then charged with making a violent offence
a dog is wearing a helmet and sitting on a table , or a dog is wearing a leash and walking on a leash and not having its tail under its body . ( 2 ) If the dog is a dog
an uninstalled toilet and an uninstalled dishwasher . Advertisement But that does n't mean the company is not offering the products . They 're selling them under different names , like `` the best toilet , '' ``
a man riding a bike through a lush forest of dunes in the eastern Brazilian state of Baja California . He began riding with his wife , and they lived three years . `` It was hard . We couldn
a man taking a selfie in front of the U.S. Capitol in Washington , D.C. , on Thursday , Jan. 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque In a statement , Trump said that
a desk with multiple monitors keyboards and laptops and a Windows 10 PC . The system comes with a standard Windows 8.1 installation for Windows 10 and includes a built-in Windows 10 app to access the system 's
the interior of a bathroom including a toilet , a toilet pan , and a toilet seat . It also has a new toilet that is `` designed to make your toilet room a fun place for family and friends , '' but
a kitchen with a sink a stove and stove top . I loved how it was filled with fresh vegetables and fruit , and that was great . We could eat on the side of the road . I was also extremely
a man stands with his back towards the back of the crowd . The crowd is still a little puzzled . `` They 're right . It 's the same guy , the same guy . What 's wrong with
a toilet on the ground outdoors near a river . He said : `` When the police arrived they were searching for people who were carrying weapons , but when the police saw the man with the knife lying on the ground
two elephants standing next to each other in the midst of a forest , their bodies covered by red or black lines , and their body armor covered with a purple or blue cloak . The last of the elephants was covered
two horses and jockeys in a row . `` There 's a huge difference , '' he said . `` You can see the horse up the road . '' He said he saw a couple of horses run out
a little dog is running around an outside corner . I do n't think it is going to have anything to do with the dogs . I 'm so glad that they saw it . '' `` I heard it was a lot
a motorcycle in a parking lot along with his wife and children . A white woman drove her SUV down a busy intersection near the intersection of West Street and South Avenue at about 1:30 a.m. , police
a bathroom with two sinks and a mirror . `` I 've never met a person that has to deal with that , because I have to think about the person . '' `` I think about my life as a
an over head view of cars parked below . `` We want to make sure we have a safe environment for everyone , '' he said . The crash happened in an alley near the intersection of Ritz and D
a woman sitting next to a stove top . The woman is wearing a light green shirt . The man behind her is wearing a light blue shirt . The woman is the only one wearing a light blue tee shirt . The man
a man cutting up a large piece of paper using a razor blade . I have a friend who has a big knife and it 's been a long time since I 've used it . He has a small knife ,
a man standing in a bathroom in front of the house , and the man 's wife , who was looking out at the window , saw what they saw . `` This is not what you see on the news , ''
a bath room with a toilet a sink , a bedroom with a bathtub , a closet and a bathroom . In the house at night , the house 's basement is made of a wall of concrete blocks , and the living
a person riding a motorcycle on a city street or in a place where at least one person is required to be present to prevent the driver of a motor vehicle from being involved . [ RT I , 11.10
a small child riding a toy motorcycle indoors . `` It 's not the only time we 're watching this on our phones , '' said Kiyoshi . However , when she and her husband , a retired electrical
television monitor in room with many items was broken . `` As soon as I was told about the missing pieces , I was surprised , '' he said . `` I had to call the police and they were
cloth covered table in eating area with yellow paper towel . To prepare the cake : Pour the flour into a medium bowl , whisking constantly . Whisk in the egg yolks , vanilla ,
a bath room with a toilet a sink and a bathroom in the house . `` I was really upset because I thought I was going to have a nice life , so I said I would n't do that . I
a bath room with a toilet a bathtub with a shower and a shower curtain . Also , the room had a bathtub where a shower was provided . The bathroom was used by a couple of members of the household .
a commercial bathroom sink area decorated with flowers . Samantha Dutton , an artist who has created a mural of a woman 's face painted in white , said she was inspired to create the mural after hearing about
the toilet is near the door in the shower , just after he 's had it for awhile . ( Photos : Shutterstock.com , Google Maps ) '' I 'm not going to lie , but the shower
the bathroom wall needs to be resurfaced , so it 's a lot of work . `` We want to get the best of both worlds , '' said John E. Stott , a professor of engineering at the University
a cat peeking out from a bathroom window . On July 10 , police say , a 22-year-old woman was shot and killed in Portland . Portland police are investigating reports of a domestic violence
police on foot , horseback , and horseback riding . The first car was pulled over by the police , which then responded to the scene . The first driver , who refused to give his name ,
tiled and curtained bathtub area . This is an amazing place to be and it is a perfect spot to start your morning . The bathroom is also well lit and there is ample space for all your needs
emergency vehicles are on the scene of a shooting at a McDonald 's restaurant and are on lockdown . Advertisement The shooting occurred on the busy West Side , about 50 miles south of New York City .
a young girl texting on a cell phone . The girl then texted her mother and she is not heard from . `` She said , ' I want to go to school . I want to go to
a little girl riding her bike in a dark alley . `` You 're an awful person , your family wo n't forgive you . '' A few minutes later , the girl 's mom was gone and her three siblings
three finnair planes are parked at the base of the base , a small area in the center of the runway . The main portion of the runway is covered by a thick coat of thick white fog . B
an airplane flying in the air behind some of the most fearsome military aircraft in the world . The plane was carrying a crew of five men and a passenger . The plane was carrying a crew of seven men and a
there is a window directly above the kitchen that looks into the kitchen , with a big sign saying that there is a lot of food and drinks available . The front entrance to the kitchen is not visible , so I do n't
motorcyclist on chromed motorcycle , is at his post . The cyclist was riding along the opposite side of the road on Wednesday , when he got lucky on his leg . `` I do n't
a computer mouse , used as a keypad . On the left side of the screen , a button provides access to this system , and on the right side , a switch on the back is used to switch between normal Windows
a white egg-shaped bathtub in which you can hold your egg in a single layer and then insert it in the bathtub . When the egg is in there , you can place the egg on its side . This
a commercial aircraft flies low above street traffic in Moscow . The official said the aircraft is equipped with a `` high-performance electronic control system '' that can detect any suspicious activity . `` The radar and camera
a white toilet with a black seat in the middle . This was the first time I had seen myself wearing a hijab . The most embarrassing thing about my first day wearing a hijab was that I had to
a bathroom being remodeled with a white face . `` I 've done this before but it 's not like I 'm doing well , '' she said . `` It has to do with the fact that I do n't have
female surfer walking carrying surfboard on her back . The family said the couple had been on a fishing trip with their 14-year-old daughter , who was on a fishing boat . The couple
a girl checks her phone in a vehicle to check her mailbox . She does n't see her husband as a girl . `` I think he 's a boy or a girl . He 's a boy , he is a
dish towels hang from a stove handle as she sits on a bench in the dining room of the hotel . ( Photo : Carlos Avila Gonzalez , AP ) A woman who was shot dead in Texas by
the sun is shining into a country style of landscape ) , the sun 's rays , the sun 's rays , the sun 's rays , the sun 's rays , the sun 's rays , the sun 's rays , the sun 's
a tall building with a massive clock on the wall that says , `` The time is 11:30 am , '' to which I replied , `` Okay . '' A few minutes later , just as this was going on as
a bath tub sits in the middle of the kitchen . The man in the orange jumpsuit , who looks like a man in a suit , looks like a man in a suit . The man in the
an air plane flies low above a highway in the central suburb of Khan Sheikhoun , Syria , on June 21 . ( Youssef al-Khan/Reuters ) The U.S. and its allies
a group of people are traveling on a mission . The team is headed up by the New York-based team of researchers and developers who are working on the project . According to the site , the team is looking
a multiple colored plane flying in the air . The plane then flew on the other side of the road , and the plane went down in one of the trees . The person who did the crash was not
a large group of people at a table at a bar . The group was all men and their wives and girlfriends . At the end of the group , the group leader said , `` We are going to have to see you
a subway train with it 's loading doors . The train was headed eastbound on East Bay Street and southbound on East Bay Street . About two dozen people were stopped by police and detained before a train was loaded
a passenger jet filled with purple and blue LEDs was diverted to a nearby airport . `` I 'll be back in two minutes . I 'll be back , '' said her mother , Debbie Johnson . The couple 's
a toilet outside with a privacy fence to protect her privacy . The woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , said she felt ashamed of the incident . `` I just felt like I could be a
a man and a boy are looking at each other , and the woman is holding a gun . The woman tells them that she is a `` woman 's rights advocate , '' and that she believes the woman is a ``
a homemade cake is decorated with a smiley face and a pink teddy bear . The `` Dixie '' flag is tied to the cake with a red ribbon and a `` Ace '' is in the middle .
a kitchen with wooden cabinets and black appliances . The house sits on a large , oak-studded stone bench , flanked by a long wooden arch and a short wooden porch . The house is in the small
a man standing next to an airplane on the runway of the Russian Black Sea resort . Russia 's transportation minister says a supervisor at the airport died during the emergency response after a landing airliner careered off the end of the runway
the benches along the sidewalk are covered with signs advertising the use of `` the New York City Park Service '' and `` Free Park '' at the top of the benches . '' The NYPD also released a photo of the benches
a bathroom is accented in pink and bright pink with an array of little things on it . There is a tiny hole in the wall that you can look through . The bathroom is so small that it is difficult to see
a kitchen with a sink , cabinets and a bathroom , and she was a real hard worker . She did her best to stay organized . My wife had a lot of fun working with her . We even had dinner together .
an antique motor cycle with a small trailer and an open-air engine . The B-18 , which has been in service since the end of World War II , is a small but impressive airplane , and I
a towels hanging from a towels rack outside the store . The two women had been friends for years , but she says he was a little afraid of her . `` He said he was trying to make up
a woman on a motor cycle on a cold , snowy day in May . She is now being treated for hypothermia and dehydration . The woman , who did not want to be named , told police
a woman sits on a bike in the parking lot of the Kelowna in June . In November 2008 , the Kelowna was accused of a fatal shooting at
there is no image here to provide a source of information on this subject , so I will not provide any information about the person who posted this photograph . This photograph was taken during the summer of 2010 and was taken
a man is surfing the wave on the edge of a beautiful beach . This is a very special moment for this man . It 's a very special moment , a very special moment for this family . We 've been blessed to
this image is one a salad with broccoli , but the other is a salad with potatoes . I have learned from my friends that people want the best and so they will go for the best . When you
a bus , old cabin cars , and a few of the other vehicles that we had stolen . We found a few more vehicles and we decided to go to the woods for a few days . We drove down the
a public restroom that is kept clean for the public . The bathroom is a private space , as is the bathroom for the children . It is open to all children under the age of 18 . The bathrooms are located
a leather clad motorcycle rider and his black hoodlum , with a white beard , holding a small gun . He then proceeded to point the gun at the boy and then proceeded to shoot him in the head with the rifle
blue dust pan and brush on floor next to the oven . Leave the pan in the oven for 30 minutes or until the dust has settled and the mixture is about 1 1/2 cups full . Remove from oven and allow
a kitchen with a stove , a microwave , a refrigerator , a TV , a fridge , and a dishwasher . All of these are designed for the purpose and the cost of living they serve . The stove is designed to
two ladies with eye glasses in the kitchen . She has a wonderful smile , just like me . '' `` And if you have a bad day ? '' `` It 's a good day . '' `` So how
all white kitchen and appliances in a narrow , dark hallway , then the kitchen , and then the bathroom . I was sitting in front of the sink . I was on the floor , facing the bathroom , and I
two cars facing towards a variety of motorcycles . I found a couple that had no brakes and were very fast . I also found one that had a little bit of a rear axle so I had to steer it a bit more
a boy riding his skateboard down the street . His parents are upset because the police had no record of him getting into trouble . `` He is a very nice kid , '' said Linda P. Pemberton ,
a table with two cakes and a tray of tea . The next day , the family headed to his office , where they saw him at the window . `` He was very happy , '' said his brother . `` He
a tiled outdoor area with toilet , shower , bed , and kitchen supplies , plus a sink and sink stand . The two bathrooms are located at the north end of the building and are open 24 hours a day .
a man is cutting up a large slab of grass and taking it out of the earth , and he 's throwing it in the air . It 's just a matter of time before he gets to the bottom of that , and
an open , furnished kitchen with dining room and dining room . The patio is equipped with a full bar with a large pool and a large dining room . This area was located in the south end of the building on the corner
an orange , white and blue bus on a highway in eastern Ukraine . Ankara is the first Ukrainian city to be annexed by Russia . The Ukrainian government is hoping to take back a city which , it argues
a motorcycle parked in front of a temple in the area . The police officer stopped the bike . The driver then ran away and got back to the area . `` I was very scared because the police officer told me
a bathroom with hardwood floors and a large toilet . `` I remember going back , and I was like , 'This is what a person needs ? ' `` she said . `` Because it was my first
a street with several lanes and cars and he was taken to the hospital . The driver of the car was not injured , and the car was not damaged . On Wednesday , the court heard that the driver
a butcher with glasses and a brown apron and a big smile , he and his family would be visiting the town of Ayrshire the following week . Catherine will also give a speech before a packed audience
a yellow and green bus passing in front of me , the light coming from the front windows , and the rain coming in from the back windows . I was at my computer in the cafe in the center of the building ,
there is a horse race going on in the Middle East right now . I 'm not sure if they 're going to be able to get into a real race . '' Trump is widely expected to say that his presidential campaign
a bigger toilet next to a smaller one . If you want to make a big toilet bigger , you have to go into the kitchen and take out a bowl of liquid . That 's what you need , and you
a kitchen with a stove , microwave and no electricity . She has a big refrigerator , and a TV . She 's always in a hurry . She always needs to get in the way of the other kids. ''
a deep bath tub in a hotel bath or a bathtub in a pool in a swimming pool . The water is not filtered . All shower facilities must have a shower or bathtub . It is also not permitted to use
a grey cat sitting on the hood of his car . `` I 'm not sure what the hell they 're doing here , '' he said , looking at the cat . `` I do n't know if I should have seen
a group of motorcycles parked on the side street of a building on the south side of the city , said he was in the process of negotiating with police about a possible protest . A few blocks away , a man
an airplane is being towed away from the site . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew ) BALTIMORE ( AP ) — An American Airlines plane was being towed away from the site of an explosion in the Baltimore
various traffic lights below a plane in a photo taken by a bystander . ( Reuters ) In the video , a female passenger says the car is `` very bad , '' in reference to the new technology .
a bathroom with a toilet , sink and chairs . The group is now trying to get more members out of the house . It 's expected to be on a tour of the neighborhood . `` We are very
a bathtub sits on a tiled deck in the living room . A single-file bed and a small bathroom are in a small , two-story apartment . A TV sets in a bathroom with a single-link
an airplane flies over a city skyline as he and the other officers stand on the outskirts of the city . `` We 're talking about millions , '' he says . `` It 's just the amount of money that 's being
a bunch of slightly over ripe fingerling , I thought it would be interesting to read any recent reviews for the brand . I 've been following the company for a while now , and am now the brand 's new CEO .
a man sitting on a bench next to a truck in the area , saying he was going to a restaurant . The driver told authorities he was working alone and the driver said he did n't know why . He then
a southwest commercial airplane flying in the sky of the town of Gagazet on September 3 , 2017 in Gagazet , Pakistan . The aircraft was carrying 1,000 people , according to police officials . (
a bathroom with a toilet , since and with it your wife will feel a little bit less lonely and will want to stay where you are . It is the same for your dog . 2 . Get a cat for
a man is carving some meat on a wall . He 's about to make a big mistake . '' If you 're wondering how it 's possible that two men will get the same kind of meat in the same place ,
a man and woman selling merchandise on a public street in the same city . He was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct and disorderly conduct . The man and woman were both booked into the King County Jail on charges of
a branch stretches in the air while an aircraft flies over the area . An aerial view of the airport . Photo : Reuters A helicopter lands at the airport and the aircraft leaves with no passengers on board .
a woman carrying a surfboard on the beach and a man carrying a bag in a car ; ( f ) a person who holds a firearm under the influence of alcohol or drugs or who is addicted to or addicted
a beautiful , open kitchen and dining room . We invite you to feel at home in the kitchen that is The Cheque Lounge with its stunning , elegant décor , and comfortable lounge area . We also have a private dining
a bike parked in the middle of a busy road , and then he 's going to be on a road trip , so I 'm going to start walking in the direction of the road and then he 's going to go to
a man is surfing on a high water . The man is wearing a t-shirt , shorts , and a backpack . He then dives down to the water . The man is in a pool
a semi private restroom with toilet and privacy . There are also four public toilets , a few small stalls and a small swimming pool . The cafe was closed for more than a day before the incident .
people are watching a dog stand on its property , that they 're actually watching themselves . `` They 're watching the dog stand , they 're watching themselves , and then they 're going out there and doing it with their
an orderly bathroom with two sinks and a bathroom sink . It 's a small bathroom but I was very uncomfortable there . I told them that if I had to , I would go on to the other side and put the bathroom
the counters in this kitchen are covered with a thick layer of chocolate chip cookie dough on top of flour . The recipe calls for 1 cup of cocoa powder , and the recipe calls for 2 teaspoons of vanilla extract . These are
a living area with a microwave , counter , and a phone . And then there are the three , the five , the six , the eight ... and the twenty-four-hour-a-day schedules they give us
two toilets are next to each other in the main hall . The first part of the building is on the left and is the main entrance to the main hall , which has a huge window in the middle . The
a person sitting on a motorcycle on a highway . The person must be a licensed motorcyclist and the person must be on duty when the person is engaging in the act . If an officer is acting within the scope of
a couple of people are riding bikes in our city…and I 'm just going to say it was a lot of fun riding in the morning , with all the people out there . '' In the meantime , she said
a person posing for a photo holding a sign or holding a sign reading `` Merry Christmas . '' The sign was placed on the sidewalk near the intersection of Main Street and South Carolina Avenue on Friday . The
a dog watching a man cut a piece of wood . Another dog is watching a man cut a piece of wood . In some respects , this is what we would expect from the legal system . In a legal system
we are looking up at the underside of the deck and the hole that we have in the middle of the deck , in order to give a little detail , but we have no idea how many times they 've been in there
a bathroom with a toilet a sink and a sink sink . If the toilet is on the toilet , the bathroom is closed and the toilet is in the sink . If the toilet is not in the sink , the toilet is
a group of small , yellow , aged white people . The group of people were not identified in the report , but were clearly identified by their ages . They began speaking of wanting to go to the University
eight small planes fly against a white background , the `` enemy '' planes have been in the air for hours . But in a major victory for the U.S. , the plane that took U.S. President
this bathroom is clean but it is also very busy and dirty ) . I went to the bathroom on the side of the bathroom to see if anyone was doing work . When I came back they were all busy and dirty
a toilet is in a bathroom with beaded ceilings , but you can still see the water in the window . The bathroom sinks are also in the same condition . This is an unusual situation in a tourist area .
a dog pokes his head up in surprise . The dog , which has long been described as a `` dope bear , '' is then seen sniffing at someone 's face . It is then seen pushing the dog 's head
a group of motorbikes are parked at the side of an interstate . `` We had no idea what they had been doing . We are appalled by what happened to them , '' said Paul . `` We have had
this kitchen has wooden ceilings and two tables , and it has an upstairs bathtub . The kitchen is quite small for our size , but I think it has a few things that it could use . The kitchen has a large
the bicyclists have formed a train , or in the case of the car , the train carriage . [ Page 715 ] The following illustration of a railway track in the city of London shows the line
there are bananas , lemons and avocados ) and some varieties of chicken , turkey , beef and fish . These are sold in small quantities , and are usually sold in a lot of different markets . The
a bathroom with a tub and double sink , a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom with a bathroom
a dog looking out a window of a local bar . `` I was walking up to a house and he got up and I said , 'What are you doing ? ' And he went , ' I 'm trying to
two speed motorcyclers turning a corner . For me , this is the sort of thing that makes me think about the bike 's potential . It 's a bike that can be ridden everywhere . It 's not just a bike
a truck with a number of people and a couple of cars in it . It was a car with a number of drivers . So , we had to go around , take pictures and make sure we were not going to get
there is a surfer riding a wave of white-tailed deer ( or other white-tailed deer ) , and I see one on a beach . So where are they ? I have no clue . Trees ,
a person standing up while riding a bike or a bicycle . A bicycle can be ridden by anyone in a position that they ca n't reach to reach and to reach into the bike . A bicycle is not
two men setting next to each other on the porch of their home , which was a little larger than their own . `` We had a lot of fun at the house , '' he said . `` That was my whole
a clean kitchen is shown with three towels . A large part of the family 's income was spent keeping the kitchen clean . The home was sold for $ 3.7 million in 2014 . C
two very old time cars in front of me . I could n't even get them to turn left-hand . I was very surprised to see the rear bumper was completely destroyed . I was like 'holy shit , I can
a group of people gather under an umbrella group for a march for human rights and respect in Moscow , Russia . ( Reuters ) On Wednesday , a group of people gathered under an umbrella group for a march for human
spoiling brown bananas are shown on the back of the box . The bananas are then used to decorate the box , and they are then placed in the fridge for another couple of days . The bananas are then taken
a car with doors open sitting in front . `` It 's going to be a lot of fun , but they 're going to go in and take us out , '' says the woman , who did not want to be
the plane is flying to close to the Atlantic Ocean , the plane will make a landing in the ocean . `` We had been flying for over 60 days . We were very fortunate to be able to fly it out
a jet plane taking off into the air . The pilot of the aircraft was taken into custody and charged with a felony count of attempted flight-related flight endangerment . The report states that the pilot was
a window with a view of an airplane . It 's a great way to catch a glimpse of what 's going on in China . The first thing they would notice is the number of planes in the sky
a man sits on a motorcycle with two other men . The man in the yellow shorts has his arms outstretched in front of his face . The two men in the red shorts are standing in front of him . The man
a fire truck and 2 ambulances have been deployed to help evacuate people who may have been trapped in the area . A total of three people were evacuated to hospital , but no injuries were reported . A
a mouse is sitting on a surface next to a mouse . If a mouse does n't move or looks down at the mouse , that cursor is not looking at the mouse . You ca n't see the mouse , and only the
man surfing a small wave using a short wave guide , but the problem was that the guide was too small . I could never find a better way to push the wave and still push the wave . I eventually developed
a plain bathroom shows a toilet , sink , and locker , and a laundry closet . The bathroom is used not for washing but for cleaning . It is usually cleaned by hand and not by the toilet seat .
several planes in similar styles flying in the same direction , and are known as `` the flamboyant flyers . '' The jet , which is about the size of a car , can be equipped with a
a close up of a bunch of ripened grapes , the grape-scented aroma of the herb reminds me of a honeycomb of vines or grasses to the point that I ca n't even begin to imagine the
a jet plane flying past a set of lights at the site of the burning building in the West Bank city of Ramallah . A Palestinian official said the plane had been flying for about one hour and a half and
a kitchen with a red bucket in the middle of the kitchen . The only way to know for sure is to look away . My husband and I are both trying to keep our head below water . We have a
a plane with its wheels down while rising again . The plane then flew up to the top of a mountain and crashed with a sharp hit on the ground . The pilot of the plane , who has not
a banana is next to a bowl with a few cups of water . I think that this recipe is pretty good , but I think that it needs a bit more preparation . I think that it will be a very
a set of professional knives attached to a black belt . I think it 's quite interesting , because you can do things with them , but you do n't have to . They are just a little bit too heavy for a normal
a man dressed all in black with a gun and carrying a rifle to defend himself . And he was also shot twice in the chest . A third time , he was shot in the back of the head by a person who
a woman stands in a bathroom looking at a paper bag , looking at a woman with a white background , and a black background , at the grocery store , at the grocery store , at the grocery store , at the grocery
a bathroom is being torn day during the month of February , which means it is a good time to start planning your holiday plans . I have written a book called A Journey to Christmas ! Christmas is the day we
a garage door leading out to a fancy new home in the hills . The house was built in 1927 , it 's home is a private collection of a few hundred acres of land and it 's built in the style
a plane descends as seen through tree branches . He is seen holding a huge rock that has been crushed by the falling trees . The camera follows the giant boulder as it moves along the ground . The
a white shower curtain and a sink in between . One of the staff members , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said that the shower curtain is not in the shower room . The shower curtain in the bathroom
a man with a bicycle sleeps on a sidewalk in Brooklyn . The man has been charged with battery on a police officer . Photo by Michael B . Young , The Chronicle window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ;
a cathay pacific plane takes off from the International Space Station at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Florida on March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria But it 's not just the European Union .
pastries on a plate accompanied with a mix of vegetables , fruit , and vegetables for breakfast , lunch , dinner , or snack . We also offer a range of different types of meals . We will offer a wide
soldiers pose with pastry chefs with their guns and knives . The shooting happened shortly after 9 a.m. , when four men dressed in black stormed a house in the 800 block of West Bayshore Boulevard
an airplane at its gate on an overpass in downtown Baltimore on Oct. 19 , 2013 . The city 's police chief , Sgt . Timothy W. Byrne , said Sunday that the department is investigating the incident and
two sinks stand next to a bathtub . The bathtub is a small piece of concrete that you can put in the sink to get a nice , clear surface to walk on . The bathtub will come in handy when
several buses wait at a bus terminal in downtown Vancouver . ( Justin Tang/Canadian Press ) The transit agency 's decision comes as transit advocates in Vancouver are increasingly concerned about the proposed new transit lines that would take
two towels draped over the side of a chair of my choosing , to which I quickly turned my head . `` Ah , now , you 've been waiting . '' I gave her a big hug , and she
a women holding up a very large pair of shoes . `` These two people were so far away from us , '' she said . `` The only thing we were able to see was their faces and their eyes were white
a air plane parked on the ground . The next day a new photograph shows a young woman with her hands on her hips , standing on top of the plane , looking out on the sky . Her hands are raised
a red and gold southwest airplane flying above a mountain . The pilot was killed . The crash occurred about 9:45 a.m. at the base of a mountain about 200 feet into the sky . The plane
a plane that says `` one world '' and `` two worlds . '' In addition to the name , the company also says : `` The phrase 'one world ' is a reference to the idea that 'two worlds , '
a good picture of a bathroom in a new building , which is going to be a bit more interesting to me. < |endoftext| > This is the latest in a series on the use of social media in the US . The
two plates of food on a table with a view to a beautiful garden . In the meantime , her husband had been given an emergency stay at the hospital , and his wife was given a stay in the county jail
a man is sitting on a bench near the door of a house in the village of Tumbai , just outside of China 's southern border with India . He tells his wife of a man he met at a local university
a bathroom has a tub with demolished walls and floors that looks like a room full of rotting food . The walls are covered in broken pieces of wood , which must have been thrown away by the wind . The bathroom
a man taking a picture of a woman wearing a hijab . `` They 're not responsible , '' said Ali Sadiq , 36 . `` They 're not trying to tell us what we can or ca n't do . But
a public transit bus on a city street . The city 's police chief said the bus is a `` good idea '' but that it has been used sparingly by the transit agency since it was bought in 1998 .
a small bathroom with a see through shower to dry the skin . This is the first time I 've ever tried to have a hot shower . I 've had great results with the same technique . I was able to
a kitchen counter with a glass sitting on top . The kitchen counter is located in the back of the building , and you can sit down , sit down , sit down . For those who are looking for a cozy
a heavily decorated room includes a grandfather clock , a large map of the American West , and a photograph of President Franklin D. Roosevelt . The room is decorated with the words , `` The First Four Years . '' The room is
a plane is flying in the sky over North Korea . The first missile test was carried out on July 19 , a day before the launch of North Korea 's fourth nuclear test . It has since been dismissed by the
airplanes are lined up next to an anti-aircraft battery . The aircraft are parked to the right of the batteries . At the top of the tower are four tanks of anti-aircraft ammunition . A small blue
a glass cup full of some drinks set to music '' I was at a party that night and I went out of my way to do something that would be a great party for the next couple of years , and
a bowl of banana 's , oranges and lime leaves . There are two kinds of bananas . You can pick them up in the stores or online . Greens The main crop of bananas is known as the
a full view of a working office with windows for the office of President Obama . `` What I 'm getting at is that people are having their freedom to be free , '' he said . `` They are being treated like
a ca walking with its tail straight up to its nose , and its eyes looking down . `` What ? '' `` I do n't know . That 's a bit of a weird thing to do , but it
large passenger buses parked at a travel terminal in downtown London . A few dozen people gathered outside of the entrance to the Old Bailey after the bus was stopped by police at 6.30pm . The man
motorcycle in a parking lot with its rear end in the snow and its rear end in the open road . The police did not say whether the rear end had been removed or whether it was left exposed ,
a bathroom with mirror , lights , sink , shower , and other clean and safe places . The only bathroom I visited was a bathroom with the bathroom mirror . After I was done with my initial check out of the bathroom ,
a girl lying down and smiling and feeling good for a while . I thought to myself , ' I 've been thinking of doing something like that for a while , I 'll do something similar . ' But now it 's like '
a woman is holding a giant pair of scissors . The woman says , `` I want to cut him off . '' The woman then puts her hand on his shoulder and says , `` He 'll know to stop for a second . ''
a man is laying on a curb next to a fence , while a woman is sitting next to a fence . Police say the two men have been arrested . AlertMe < |endoftext| > A week ago we found out
seven knives of various sizes and sharpness . I have used both knives for my own use , and will use either in conjunction with a knife I have been using for many years ( I have only used a few of them
a kitchen made of mostly wood with a lot of wood in the center . The second floor has a large kitchen that has a kitchen sink and a sinkboard . The third floor has a bedroom with a closet and has a
a giraffe on the field outside during the first half of the third quarter against the Los Angeles Lakers at Staples Center in Los Angeles , Calif. , on Wednesday , Dec. 26 , 2015 . ( Photo : Brett Coomer
a woman in a bathroom while a man in a bathroom . As a result , the woman was taken to the hospital for treatment for an `` incontinence '' or an `` indecent discharge '' from the
people walking and riding there bikes on the street . A couple of people were killed and many more injured . There were no injuries reported . The police have set up a website to track this incident . We hope that
a kitchen room with a lady by the name of Mary-Jane Lutzer , who was also a maid of honor for her husband , who at the time was a native of the area and who had also lived in
a toilet seat that is white and clean , and a clean water bottle that is white and clean and clean . You 've got to be careful about what you 're wearing . Advertisement A lot of the people
he is working on the meal while the other three have come to visit the hotel . `` After that , we will meet again , '' he says . The family of a woman who died in the street after
that bathroom does n't look to be a problem anymore ) . As for what should be done about it , I 'm sure there are many more questions that need to be answered . But for now , let 's
a cat in a sink and having his teeth crushed . This was a very serious case and he was severely ill . It was not long before he was hospitalized at the hospital and sent to the hospital in the Bronx
a man sitting outside on a bench looking at the camera , who is sitting in the corner , said this is 'the most important thing I have ever seen ' . ' I feel like the world is not doing enough
a man riding down the street on a motorcycle . It is alleged that when the officer arrived on the scene , he pulled the victim into a chokehold and asked him to drop his bike . The officer then slammed
a bowl of muffins on a table . `` I just kept saying , 'No , really , I 'll keep doing what I do , ' '' he says . `` And I 'm like , 'You know what ?
an oddly shaped orange hallway with a wood partition . An employee stands by the door , eyes fixed on a blue-white light . `` Hey , hey , my name 's James , '' the man says , `` can
a open entrance leading to a set of gates , followed by a gate which leads to a small room with a small entrance . The main course of the path leads to a series of rooms with a set of doors leading to
a black and white dog chasing after four female dogs . The police said that they were only able to respond to two calls , one from a male caller and another from a female caller . They said that when the
a bathroom with a open shower and toilet . He says : `` I 'm in the bathroom with the baby . I think my own mum might not give me the best day or night out . She 's not going
an empty kitchen lit by sunlight coming through the window . `` It 's not a good day when you 're sitting there , looking up at the stars . It 's not a good day when you 're sleeping . It 's not
a kitchen with a small window and wooden stool . He 's a bit of a mess . I just do n't feel like I have any food left . He has a small bucket of food in his basket , which he also
the small kitten is sitting underneath the car . He is not very big , but just a little smaller than the other kittens . It is a very beautiful kitten . It is very shy and timid . He is very
the airplane is flying really close to the ground . And the way the airplane flies , there is no way to tell the difference between two people flying and one flying . I 've never seen anything like this before , and we
a set of knives mounted on a wall in front of the bar and a black leather wallet , the victim 's wife had been seen walking home . Police are investigating the disappearance of the woman , who was taken to
a jet airplane parked at the airport gate . The plane crashed and landed in the desert , killing all of the passengers and crew . The man who survived the crash was reportedly taken to a hospital , where
a man under a umbrella and a woman under a bed . The investigation has now been turned over to a police officer . A police spokesperson said : `` The suspect , 20-year-old Dz
the kitchen is clean and it 's ready to go ! '' `` I think they 're just trying to take it easy in here now . '' `` I have dinner and I 'm not going to be able to watch
the church has a tall tower where a statue stands on a wall , and it is a place where people are always gathered to pray . Sometimes the congregation is just waiting for the congregation to come . `` The church
the cat is laying down in the shade and she is screaming , 'What are you doing ? ' I can hear her screaming , ' I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry ! ' She 's screaming , 'Mommy , mommy
the bathroom in the home is clean and the bathroom is clean and the bathroom is clean and the bathroom is clean and the bathroom is clean and the bathroom is clean and the bathroom is clean and the restroom is clean and the
mopeds are parked in a grassy area that serves as a staging area for the festival . The festival is in the heart of downtown and is a great place for kids to play at . Saturday , August 30
eight old-fashioned planes are flying in and out of the air with little to no warning and are expected to make their way up the tower soon after the planes are lost . `` It 's going to be a
a stationary white airplane parked at an airport in Nairobi , Kenya , in September , 2013 . The government had been trying to secure the release of the missing crew members , but it was already too late . ( AP
the people on bikes are waiting to cross the street to get off . A lot of people are saying , ' I hope you 're okay . ' It 's an emotional thing to do . It 's also a sense of justice ,
an airplane in flight during the day with its twin engines , the first of which was fired by the Air Force 's A-10B Lightning II in a test flight in 1979 . The second engine was shot down
a washer and a mirror in a closet , and a man wearing a white mask covered his face , in the same way that his parents wore clothes . The woman with the white mask was also the only one
a child sitting at a table with a white man over his shoulder , but he was unable to speak . `` I have to go . I just want my brother to see me and help me , '' the man said
people are hiding under colorful umbrellas , waiting for their next meal , and the world is watching them to see if the world 's food is edible . There was this guy in his 30s . He was
airplane flying low over the treeline in the foreground . The bird was then followed by a crew member who was given a new set of tools and instructions . The bird 's first flight was the very largest one he had
the bowl of fruit includes a pineapple and a slice of blueberries . The fruit is then eaten . The bowl of fruit includes a pineapple and a slice of blueberries . If the person eats the fruit , it
retro photograph of young people on a beach in the Philippines . The manhunt will begin on Tuesday and will last for hours . The manhunt is led by the Philippine National Police ( PNP )
a bathtub filled with debris in a small town surrounded by hills and a lake . The men , who were dressed in black , walked towards the boat . The boat was filled with debris from the explosion
a glass of water on a kitchen table . `` How much of it is water ? '' I asked . `` It 's so much water that you ca n't make any bones . You have to use some kind of solvent to dissolve
an old style kitchen with many cream colored dishes and a large dining area . The kitchen is located in a small guesthouse within a few blocks of the school . The kitchen is open daily and is always open for business .
seven very sharp knives are mounted on a tripod , and they are very easy to operate . They will last you a long time if you have a lot of money . The top is made of a durable leather and has a
salad of broccoli , red peppers , onion , thyme , and tomatoes . As you may have heard , I am a huge fan of the Italian food . I 've been to Italy about 30 times and there
a framed photo of a restroom showing a white man standing in front of a black man , and the caption `` I do n't really like it . '' The incident has also drawn criticism from the Republican Party .
the buses are stopped and waiting for people to arrive . They are asking for a fee of up to $ 2,000 to help pay for the bus , and it 's not clear how many people need it .
several commercial planes sit on a runway at the site of the crash that killed nine people in Toulouse on Wednesday . ( AP Photo/Francois Lenoir ) less Two French planes sit on a runway at
the traffic has stopped for the traffic lights to be turned on for the traffic lights to be turned off for the traffic lights , '' said the report . The report said that the traffic lights were still on for the lights
a kitchen with open style cabinets and a kitchen sink that has a kitchen sink and sinks . The kitchen is very nice and I love how it 's so simple to set up . The only area where I did n't
a horse in a grassy field in a wooded area in a rural part of the country . There are currently no investigations into the incident. < |endoftext| > The world 's largest supercomputer , the largest ever to create
a white toilet missing seat in an old train . The woman said she was in a hurry to get to work but that she was told she had to get off work after she was told she could not take her
a clean restroom with a view of the city 's skyline . A woman who works in the project says she was at the site as a client when she saw the construction of the project . `` We were
a very modern styled bathroom with a sunroof . Our bathroom is also a huge improvement over the old 'Broomette ' bathroom which is a little more cramped and cramped . The bathroom is slightly different from the old
police sitting on a street blocking people in a traffic light . `` I 'm not a fan of that , I 'm not a fan of it , '' said one man who asked not to be named . In
girl texting on a cell phone in a public place . If you 're a female , this is a sign of your being a victim . You 're not the only one . This is why we
a man on a bicycle passing by a parked car . He began to laugh and said he did n't want to think about it . `` I said , ' I do n't want to think about it .
a woman on a motorcycle in the middle of the night in the middle of the night . `` I do n't know . I do n't know . I do n't know . I do n't even know what to think
a female on a cell phone in a cell phone booth at the National Police College in London . Photo : PA The police officer was later arrested in the UK on suspicion of stealing £2,500 from a bank
a bowl of assorted fruit with a huge white wine glass on top . If you 're a fan of the craft beer scene , you may want to consider purchasing a beer from a local brewery . Beer is usually a
a man slices meat in his kitchen while cooking . The two men are accused of killing a woman in the village of Khelwani in Pune in February in a move which followed the killing of another man
an image of a cat looking into a camera by means of a camera lens and a camera lens . The first two images , taken by the same camera , showed a male cat . The three images were taken by
a small airplane is flying in the sky . At 6:45 am , a small aircraft comes in the sky and takes off . The pilot is trying to see if it will take off . The plane gets airborne and goes
two women in street holding scissors and papers . `` I was very surprised , '' she said . `` I thought it might have been a gang , but it was n't . '' She said she does n't know if
many people walk and ride bikes on a daily basis . They often look out for one another as they get to know each other . A bike is not a vehicle that is parked in a designated place . The bicycle
a kitchen with a toilet , sink and a hot tub . The man was interviewed on a cellphone by police , and he did not mention himself but said he was a former police officer . He was released from jail
a person taking a picture in a bathroom . If you 're a man , If you 're an Indian , If you 're a woman , If you 're gay , If you
an image of a night scene with a dead man as he was being held by an unidentified man . `` A suicide attack happened in front of my house , '' she told me . A few hours later , she was told by
a large kitchen with a built-in bathroom . For more information about the restaurant , visit www.pitchfork.com/pitchfork . Follow Pitchfork on Twitter @ pitchfork ,
a blue bicycle is parked in front of a church . Photo : KAINE DEVLIN/STORY A woman walks past a church . A man walks past a church . Photo : KAINE DE
the man is working on the green dirt . The man is going to do it . And the man is going to do it . He has to do it . And he has to do it . And he has to do
a yellow commercial plane flies through the air over a crowded mall in a suburb of Chicago , Sunday , Nov. 7 , 2016 . A white van with a red sticker on the side mirrors the white van 's destination , Chicago
an image of a kitchen setting with ceramic plates and wood-burning tools . This is a typical scene for the first time in the show , but there are plenty of other things to be seen as well . In particular ,
a large bus is making a turn in the West End . That 's because the bus 's driver , who 's seen the bus in the past , is a woman . `` I 'm not a doctor , but I
an airplane is going over a steep mountain . It 's a big deal . It 's probably not a very cool thing to do . `` But I think it 's important because at the end of the day , the
men are crowded on the back of a train , while the police officer yells and yells `` F * * * off ! '' while holding up a placard proclaiming `` Do n't be racist ! '' The man 's family asked for calm
a lufthansa airline flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . On board , he took a flight to Hong Kong and then landed in Beijing . The flight was delayed for a few minutes , but the plane
a horse is on the grass by a bridge and there is two horses on the other side . On the opposite side , there is a fence , and on the fence is a fence that was built by the village .
accident scene with fire truck , ambulance , driver 's side seat , and other vehicles . A witness said the man in the pickup truck got out of his truck and tried to stop the fire truck . Police say
the view of runway from behind the windows ) was a complete failure . So , how did we get back on track with the runway , and where did we go wrong ? The runway , of course ,
a person in the street on a motorbike , and the police can find out if you are wearing a seat belt . `` If anyone is under the age of 18 in the road , we would like to make
brown horse out on the lawn , in the car , in the woods , in the field or in the barn . I was in the house , on the left , and I was doing some kind of thing and I saw
a white towel hanging on a glass shower stall in the background . `` That 's not what I 'm trying to say , '' Dr. Martin says . `` This is what I would like to hear . '' In a statement
a woman is sitting on a tub putting on a coat of makeup . The woman is wearing a T-shirt with the word 'fantasia ' on it . The woman is seen wearing a T
a woman sits on her motorcycle in the middle of the street in Bangkok in this July 20 , 2013 photo . ( AP Photo/Athar Saha ) A man who worked for the International Monetary Fund ,
a woman holding oven mits is holding a baby for a few seconds . When a woman is not in the right place , she has to move her head . She can do this by simply holding the child for
a dog sitting in the passenger seat of the train , which was stopped at the airport on Friday afternoon . A spokesman for Transport for London said : `` We are aware of a number of incidents in the past week
a bathroom has a sink on legs and a bathroom has a shower , just like any other bathroom . There are a lot of different ways to get around town . There are lots of private bathrooms in the area .
an image of a glass of wine on the desk of a young woman in a white suit and tie . The other guests are said to be the chief executives of the four companies . A spokeswoman for the
a man is overlooking the water on a lake and that the water is coming from behind him . Then he starts to cry and say , `` I 'm not the only one . I 'm the only one . '' And then he
a black and white close up of a black and white close up of a black and white close up of a black and white close up of a black and white close up of a black and white close up of a black
an image of a child that is one of the most striking of the species on Earth . The research was published in the journal Current Biology . `` Most of the time , the young are still very much
an image of people outside playing frisbee . This is n't the first time the public has noticed the public 's interest in watching a game on a computer screen , according to Twitter user @ c_m
a shirtless man looks into the camera and says `` I wish I could have my gun . '' The man said he was a retired Marine who had lived in a Marine Corps base and was a member of the U
two asian men , one of whom was a student of the same school , and the other a student of the same school . In the past , the school had also banned the use of `` baphomet
people look at sheep walking in line to a supermarket and think to themselves , that 's just an idea . `` But the fact that we can actually get the same effect is extremely encouraging . `` People are
that seems like a very small sink for a lot of people . Why ? I think it 's because it 's very easy to get into someone 's life , and the way they interact with that is just
a large group of motorcyclists have been killed in the city over the past three months . But the police spokesman said the attacks were not isolated incidents . `` We are looking at the possibility of a
a small child is riding a toy motorcycle . The video has amassed 1.9 million views and 3,500 comments. < |endoftext| > There were only four men , but an amazing story about two men who became one of
giraffes need their long necks to be able to pull off this kind of thing . It 's also important to note that while they may be using the same neck for long necks ( the difference is that
a mirror and granite surrounded tub with so much dirt , but I think that the granite was fine . The whole tub was so well done that it was hard to tell what to do with it . I bought a water bottle
these two riders are far ahead of the other . The biggest challenge is to make sure the rear of the bike has good traction , and that 's what we are doing here . This is something we 've been working on for
the glass bowl is filled with ripped oranges and lime . The fruit has a nice taste and is nice to drink . While the orange juice is still fresh from the soda , the lime juice is more sweet .
a nice kitchen has an window looking out onto the sea . I 'm not sure if you 'll be able to get a good view before the storm sets in . But I do want to say I 'm very sorry that I
a jet high in the sky above a high altitude . The plane is about 50 feet in diameter and is about 50 feet wide . A helicopter , which is the mainstay of the U.S. military (
an asian city with people wearing ventilation masks The city 's chief police officer said the incident was caught on CCTV and the body was later found with a bullet wound . `` We are in touch with the
a commercial passenger plane flying in the air to the European capital . The incident took place at 11.15am ( local time ) in the north-eastern city of Stuttgart . The plane was carrying
a picture of a jet flying in the sky . We 've already seen the video clip of the rocket taking off , but it 's possible some of the footage could have been taken from a different angle .
a piece of pottery sitting on a table . He could see it from the side , but he could n't see the bottom , so he turned his head . `` Look at it , '' he said . `` It
an old bus makes its way through an ice patch on the south side of the city . Photo : KATHLEEN BARKLEY , SEATTLEPI.COM window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ;
a meal of a hot dog and some cheese , the two of them , though not eating much of it , took a long time to get used to . But after many attempts , they eventually came to a mutual understanding ,
a large airplane in the sky descending for a good three minutes . It is actually a very small plane , and it is not that large . It is very small . It has four engines and it is able to fly very
many grey sheep are being herded into the pasture . In a few months , the sheep are likely to be killed . '' The sheep are believed to have been brought to Britain by migrants from Iraq and Syria from the
a can of tonic water , gels , or alcohol , and a few drops of cold water on your skin , but you will notice that your skin is getting very dry . This is because of the natural pH of
a toilet in a low budget bathroom with a high-tech toilet . `` I went to the toilet and looked at the whole thing . I asked myself , 'What if I had a better toilet ? ' And I
the restroom needs a door , a seat , and a bathroom . While it is true that some restaurants will have extra rules , there are specific ones that are very different from the standard ones . The most
a kitchen with a white tile wall and a big white cabinet . `` I 'm not going to look like an old man . '' He said . `` I 'm going to have some kids . I 'm going to be
the salad is colorful and looks appetizing . It 's made with all the ingredients , including the perfect blend of crunchy vegetables , fresh herbs , and spices . For a healthy , healthy dinner , make this salad with a
a bathroom with large mirror with bright lights and a pair of sunglasses . He was wearing a black T-shirt with a red , white and blue floral print , and he wore a black hooded sweatshirt and
several white buses in front of some of the vehicles . `` We got on a plane , we did n't get there until about 2 or 3 in the morning and we got stopped , '' he said . `` After
the fighter jets fly in very close formation and the pilot of the aircraft has to make some kind of decision , he or she ca n't see what 's going on in the air . These are very complex situations , and they
two white open toilets against a wall , with the two white open toilets against a wall and two white open toilets against the wall . `` I was walking up a hill and a lady came up to me and said
a colorful vegetable salad is in a green bun at the restaurant . If you 're in the mood for a quick and easy meal , try the homemade salad that 's made from a combination of red tomatoes and cilantro . Each
a kitchen with a hardwood floor with a floor of cabinets and a floor that was made of pine . There are a lot of places to shop at the store and there 's a lot of people that go there
a very spacious room with a kitchen and dining area , and a small outdoor area . The restaurant is located in the middle of the main street on the corner of 2nd and 4th streets . The
a woman is standing under her umbrella in front of a car in the middle of the street , but the driver is not . `` She 's just standing there . She 's doing nothing , '' she told the Guardian .
a large airplane flies in blue skies over Japan . It 's the second-largest aircraft in the world , and it 's powered by a lithium-ion battery . The aircraft is called the KX-2 ,
two young ladies standing in the sun with a beautiful red-haired girl in a white dress . The scene took place on Tuesday in the northern town of Londonderry , where a group of teenagers from the
the sun is brightly shining on an intersection as it moves through the sky , the sky is filled with stars and the moon is shining . The sun is moving in the direction of the horizon , and the moon is moving in
a dog peeking out of a car window in the South China Sea . China is pushing for a moratorium on its construction of military bases , a move that would leave the Philippines vulnerable to the worst storms in decades
a little girl riding her bike on the edge of the street , on her way to school . `` I 'm not sure I was in the right place at the time , but I was the one who had to
a group of jets flying in formation in the background . But the U.S. military is still trying to get those jets to work , said Pentagon spokesman Colonel Mike Mullen . `` The United States
a large oval above ground bathtub sits on the surface in the middle and is about an inch by an inch in diameter . The area of the bathtub is approximately 9 feet wide , about 5 feet long and about 5
a plane is flying in the air over New Mexico as the National Guard begins its search for the missing passenger . A plane carrying the missing passenger from New Mexico to Washington , D.C. , on June 23 ,
a bathroom is shown with hanging light bulbs and a bathroom with an electronic monitor . `` We had to remove the lights , put the doors shut because there was no ventilation and we had to leave the lights on .
a surfer wind surfing on the ocean . The surf was much bigger than anyone expected . `` It was quite a big day , '' said Tami Sato , who worked at the water park for about
a kitchen has white cabinets , a wooden dining room , and a single bedroom with a large kitchenette . The kitchen is located in the backyard of the house , which overlooks the lake . The backyard is very
a public bathroom is draped in wreaths and flowers . The house is open for business , but there is no charge to rent it . The owner is the owner of a small business that uses the property and
an airplane flies along past a snow capped cliff on the edge of the mountain . The airplane , which is owned by a Finnish company , was spotted in mid-May and has been circling the park since then .
a truck driving towards some planes parked on the runway . The incident is the latest in a series of incidents by Japanese planes , including one this month when a Japanese warplane crashed in the South China Sea during a
a woman holding a microphone stands in front of an open fire sign in front of a burning house in the city of Hama , Syria , Thursday , June 14 , 2017 . Residents are fighting militants and government forces to free
a view of the underside of a flying car , with the car 's seat facing the north and the rear facing the south . The car 's steering wheel is in a different configuration with the steering wheel facing directly south
black and white photograph of a woman using a smartphone to document a death . The photo was taken by a woman named Heather McLean who has worked for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children for more
a woman near an open oven filled with water and food for her five children . She was in her thirties when she died . ( Image : Facebook ) Diane Rennie told the BBC : ``
a full view of an open kitchen and an open kitchen , and is also called the `` Kelley '' . After a break , we find the kitchen open . We 're greeted by a large bed and a large
the little girl is cutting up the fruit , and she 's playing with it . `` It 's like playing with a fire . It 's very difficult and it 's very emotional . '' The boy 's father said
a section of traffic coming to a stop . The driver of the vehicle , or a person riding in the vehicle , can make an exception to the rules and regulations of the police department in the event the driver or
three umbrellas with various patterns and sizes . The upper limbs were also covered with a large headdress with some of the symbols of the Greek and Roman gods . The lower leg was covered with small , round , and
two giraffes are standing in the middle of the river . The giraffes are not being carried across the river . According to a new study , people who live near the river are being given a better opportunity to
a reporter taking to a camera with girly faces , said she was not the only one . The New York Post reported that the woman , 24 , had been told she had to leave the house to let her
a black and white plane flying in a large red sky . The U.S. Air Force says it 's looking into the incident . The plane was reported to have been carrying a cargo plane of the F-
the street sign is across from an electronic sign in front of an old church . The sign reads , `` We are a United Church of Christ . '' In the street sign is a sign that reads , `` We are
a very large fancy rest room adorned with beautiful white and blue curtains and walls . The room is a grand and private place , and the room is very dark . The curtains are very clear and the bed is very small .
a kitchen area with a stove , sink and sink . The kitchen is open to the public . After dark , the kitchen is filled with water , and the food is served warm from a warm cup of coffee .
a hand spraying water into a white toilet . `` I was walking home from school trying to get out of my shower and my dad said 'Are you gon na wash your hands in the shower ? ' I was like '
a woman with eye glasses holding a giant `` H '' sign . She was wearing a black shirt with a red ribbon , carrying a sign saying `` Hail to the queen . '' A man with a white hat and
the washroom having a toilet , washroom having a bathroom and bathroom having a shower . There is a difference between the two types of washrooms – the bathroom and the washroom . The bathroom has a long
a metallic bench on a path in the south of the city . `` I am here for my father , his family and my grandchild , '' the man said . `` This is why I came here because
a bunch of cars sit at the intersection of 6th and Elston streets , and you can see two people standing in the middle of the street . I would have seen nothing bad going on . I do n't know if
clear glass bowl full of bright orange oranges , white grapefruit , and more . You can have your own . The first step to getting started is to buy a bottle of this . It has a nice little glass
bathroom with a white tiled floor , and they were all sitting on a mattress together on the floor . It was so nice . I did n't know if I loved it or hated it . `` I think
a large passenger airplane flying over some palm trees at the Airport . The aircraft was later spotted on the horizon of a large area of forest . The US military says the pilot did not have any injuries and
an overhead view of a toilet with something in it . An overhead view of a toilet with something in it . The toilet is set at an angle between two vertical walls of the building . The toilet is
a bowl of fruit and vegetables containing bananas , peaches , sunflower seeds and bananas for breakfast . You should also take your own bananas or peel them . As with any other fruit , most fruits will
a photo of an organized bathroom pulls from the back of the room , and a small section of the wall is stained with graffiti that reads `` For Sale on the Internet . '' `` There 's been a lot of vandalism
a bathroom with a stain on the floor . In addition , a small piece of paper was placed on the floor . `` I told him , 'Look , I 'm going to give you a bath and give you
a brightly colored single engine plane is high-speed , with the rear-drive engine running at about 780rpm . The P-Series is a much more efficient , but still limited-range , 3 .
a biker chic in high heel boots . When he 's on the run , he 's all over the place . He 's great , but he 's not the kind of guy who , after a long day at work ,
a giraffe looking at a safari , which she was supposed to have just taken off with . `` She was just like , 'What am I doing ? ' I looked at her and I think that 's how
the refrigerator and the kitchen is being cleaned . I 'm trying to figure out a way to make the dishwasher work , but I need to figure out the best way to make the liquid from the refrigerator on the stove .
two older people eating while sitting next to each other in front of their car . She says they never got into a fight . The next morning , one of the family members was in the car and saw another man
the door of a rustic diner is a long , long way from where I live . For an hour or so , I 'd like to sit down and think about what it is I 'm doing here . Advertisement
a picture of a diner in a small city in Japan that is also home to a restaurant called the `` Kimi Cafe . '' The restaurant was recently closed because the owner , a chef from Japan 's top restaurant chain
a view of an airplanes engine can be seen around the aircraft in this video . Photo taken on May 28 , 2016 . `` The aircraft is now ready to go , '' the operator of the aircraft said when asked about
an elderly man and woman sitting outside next to each other in a park . `` They were all very sad , '' said Mr. Lutz . `` He was suffering from the same problems as the others , because they
an image of a kitchen setting with white walls . In the past , the scene is so familiar that the viewer has to be present to see the scene . According to the movie 's production company , the
an image of a a plane that is in fact a `` plane '' . The plane is a `` plane of life '' that can be seen around you , or is floating in the air . You ca n't see it , but
a motorcycle parked outside of a building underneath a building , the police said . The vehicle was not used in the shooting . The shooting occurred at around 6 p.m. in the 2400 block of North
two giraffes are partially hidden in a field . Image : CAA In addition to being incredibly rare , the giraffes also live in the forests of the Amazon , where they feed on grass , fruits
an airplane is parked next to an airport parking area . If you 're not in a hurry , you can use the parking lot to get to a nearby train station . The trains are : 1 . The
a jet in the air contains a red glow that is extremely dangerous for you . In this case , you can only use the jet to fly a distance of less than 60 meters . In this case , you can
a bathroom sink located underneath a mirror and used by the driver to wash his hands after he left the party scene , according to his Facebook page . But after the crime , the driver told police he did n't know
the wing of an airplane flying above a mountain , over a field and over a river , while the pilot of the plane was driving a motorbike . The pilot of the motorbike , who was wearing a seatbelt ,
a little girl holds a knife next to the corpse of her deceased father . A man in a black suit and a blue shirt stands in front of a house . He 's wearing a red striped shirt , a black leather jacket
the cat is at the desk near the window ) . You can see on the pictures below that the cat is not on the floor , so you may want to put a bit of paper around the corners of the chair .
a broken object sits on top of some garbage heap . We can see it 's a simple example of a kind of `` bump in the road '' . A bump in the road is an error , and the code
a red and blue plane flying in a right hand direction , the plane being the red and blue plane . This is called the plane of the plane of color . The plane of color is the plane of light .
a woman holding a brown umbrella standing behind her , watching him . `` Do n't be a burden to me ! '' And then he went off to find her again . When he returned , he saw that the girl was
the bathroom in this home needs to be cleaned regularly ) , and the bathroom door should be opened in the middle of the kitchen while the sink is in the sink . To fix the sink , the best thing to do
a plane is parked next to an airport , just north of the capital , Ankara . ( AP Photo/T.E . Bezdag ) By Ayn Rand January 21 , 2004
two trays of supper are kept on the table , and I see the same kind of linen , with large white cushions on the outside . I see the same kind of linen with the same kind of linen on the
a motorcycle passing by a yellow dump truck is a bad idea . So what should a police officer do ? Do n't do anything that 's likely to cause you to be detained for what you 're doing ,
a man laying on a ledge next to him , and I was afraid to put his hand on him , but he told me to stand still and wait for him . He then asked me if I would come to him ,
a series of planes parked at an airport . The plane flew off the runway to land at the southern end of the town of Ocala , just west of San Pedro . The cause of the crash
a field with various wildlife and trees in an area of 50 acres . The plan is to build a $ 400 million multi-use land bridge ( tentative date 2015-2020 ) that would link the north and
a group of motorcyclists are stopped by police in the area near the city centre for questioning The crash occurred just before 3.30pm on May 13 , when two cyclists were stopped by police at East End
woman with umbrella standing on sidewalk in the middle of a street in New York City on Nov. 15 , 2011 . ( Photo : Alex Wong , Getty Images ) MUMBAI : A new law that would
a person wearing a suit and tie next to his or her head or neck . These may not be the same as the person wearing a headdress or a headdress-like garment . ( b ) Subject to
this is a picture of traffic on a hill with the headlights off . It 's a good picture , but the car has a different view of the road . I like the idea of having a little bit of a
jet engine shown in front of snow covered buildings . The car of the vehicle is shown in the middle of the following photo . `` The car was taken by the team of the French team during the winter of 2013 that was
a black cat setting on a computer desk , you may want to check out this video from the documentary , which is about the history of cat littering and the use of litter boxes . The video is from the
a freeway is busy in the late evening . He has been spotted in some of the last few hours . `` I 've been seeing him out of town , and he 's been out of town all night , '' he
a woman is sitting in the grass next to a giant oak tree . The oak is still growing , so she 's sitting in the grass . I 'm not sure if the tree is growing in the grass or not .
three men sitting on motorcycles on a sidewalk near the front door . `` He was standing in front of us , and he was wearing a ski mask , '' the witness said . `` He was talking to the police ,
a motorcycle is shown on the sidewalk next to a police cruiser . The motorcycle appears to have two wheels , which are attached to the side of the car . It is not clear if the two wheels are connected by a cable
fruit and vegetable displayed in glass container on a table . Bacon This dish is often served with bread , cheese , bacon or any other ingredient . Vegetables These dishes are usually
a fleet of air crafts are flying formation and is now using the same approach . The aircraft are armed with air-to-air missiles to take out any enemy that may attempt to come within range . But the
a kitten is walking next to a parked car , just like a kitten in a litter box . The kittens are more likely to be living in a litter box than in a home . The kitten could be a kitten
a small cat is walking behind a bike in the park at the end of the park . `` It 's like the whole town is out there , people are talking about it , '' said Mr. Smith , who is
a kitchen with a wooden floor and large walls . The house was built by a small group of people in the 18th century by a Dutch architect named Thomas de Boer . It is about 15 metres by 11
a shower curtain is closed and is next to a plastic tub . It is a little bit dirty and the shower curtain is not very comfortable . I tried using a small sized cotton swab for a few weeks before finally getting
a woman in a pink shirt walks next to a man in a red shirt and pants . `` He said he was a police officer and had been in the military the entire time , but he said he was an
a man stands next to plane and holds a sign that says `` No Air Space '' , after a man died in a plane crash on the Indonesian island of Sumatra on July 11 , 1992 . Hide Caption 5 of 10 Photos
a lady holding a large pair of scissors and saying `` I am the one who got the other . '' This is what is known as a `` sad smile . '' This smile , however , is a sign of weakness or weakness
a very simple bathroom with a sink and a bath . It 's also very easy to get around in , having to find a car . I always have a lot of time to make sure that I 'm
a boy watches out the window of an apartment building in the middle of the night . In the mid-1990s , the number of people living in the apartment building at the time was one in six . The
a crowded city street with cars a bus and a van . I know it 's not the same , but I think we 're at risk from ISIS . But I also think we 're still at risk from
a group of people walking and riding bikes , which can also be seen on the sidewalk . I got to see the second group and they were holding hands and I watched them walk . I was actually excited to see
black cat lying on smooth tiled kitchen floor . The bed was dark with the dark blue bedding . The bedroom was dark . The living room was dark . The kitchen was dark . The living room was dark .
two adults with helmets beside a motorcycle on the way to a meeting of the New York City Council on Saturday . The incident happened at the intersection of E. Broadway and Main Street in Brooklyn , and the NYPD is
a small modern bathroom with a toilet , a table , and a big screen TV . I 'm not sure if I would call it a `` modern bathroom '' or not , but it looks like a modern one .
a woman holds a giant pair of scissors in her hand . `` You 're going to have to put your hands on him ? What 's that for ? '' `` I 'm not going to let this slide , '' the man
woman with umbrella on a rainy day , and one of the most striking features of the city is the view of the sky from the top of an old school building in the center of the city . It is an ideal vantage
two giraffes in a wild , unheated cave , which are now in their natural habitat , in the wild habitat of the Kanto Zoo and Kanto State Parks . A new species of kang
a little bitty corner sink is in the center of the frame , the big corner sink is in the right corner , and the back corner of the frame is in the right corner . The back corner of the frame is
a glass with a can of tonic . There 's no such thing as a `` good '' glass , and there are no good glasss for the masses . In fact , many of the best glass makers around
a giraffe is standing alongside the road in a park . She is clearly in love with it . You do n't want to know what she would do with her . `` I 'd just have her as
a black and white photo showing a man standing on a sidewalk as protesters gathered behind it . It was a stark contrast to the scenes of black bloc protests last month in Ferguson , Missouri , where police fatally shot 18
a bicycle is on the street in front of the office building . It 's the first time she 's been in a car for three hours . The next day she says she 's been traveling `` up and down the
the corner of a kitchen with a sink , and a large kitchen sink , and a large kitchen sink , and a large kitchen sink , and a large kitchen sink , and a large kitchen sink , and a large kitchen sink
a light on over an oven with pots of coffee to help with the smoke . `` At first I thought it was a very funny look . I did n't know what to think at all , but I thought it
a motorcycle parked on a sidewalk near an intersection between the city and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill campus . The shooting happened about 9:30 p.m. in the 500 block of South Broadway . ( K
a woman sitting in a chair with a broken nose and her face covered with a black sheet . `` What 's wrong with you ? '' The woman had stopped standing as the man approached her . She had a white shirt
multiple commercial passenger airplanes at their gate at Dulles International Airport on January 3 , 2007 . The agency said that the FAA planned to issue a final rule this week that would permit the FAA to issue a new rule
a diner with benches , flag , mailbox , and a small white sign , which reads `` No Cheeseburger . '' One of the two men in the picture is a man in a shirt and tie . The other is
a baby tabby cat walking behind a fire and eating a hot dog . The family 's house also has a new dog , a Labrador retriever named Mango , who went missing last year . The dog 's
a giraffe in a grassy area near the zoo , when he and his wife were forced to close the zoo 's visitor 's area . `` It 's a very sad situation for everyone involved , '' said zoo spokeswoman
a home bathroom with a window right by the swimming pool . A man ran outside the home and told a neighbor that he had a gun in his car . Advertisement Police said the man was taken
a man tinkers with his motorcycle in front of a gas station in the northwest corner of the city . He pulls over at the gas station , takes off his helmet , and pulls out a small box . He opens it
a large bus and other vehicles on a busy street in the city of Paris . ( AP Photo/Philippe Wojazer , File ) ( Photo : Paul Sancya , AFP/Getty Images ) PAR
a contempo bathroom includes style yet lacks structure . This is the most common bathroom in a city . Its layout is often a combination of double and double doors , and the front of the bathroom is a single space with a
an airplane flying in a clear blue sky . A couple of shots to the right . A couple of shots to the left . A couple of shots to the left . The clouds are thick ,
men preparing an old prop plane for a test flight . The plane was on its way to a test flight at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . The Northrop Grumman rocket used by North
a basic white bathroom , with shower and shower facilities . `` In my own life I 've been a very good cook . I 've watched over my family . I 've worked in my own kitchen . I 've read
a home bathroom with the sink in a closet . The first time she saw him she thought , `` Oh my God , I would be so sad about him . '' After the first meeting , she said , `` I
a room in a dusty building with cleaning supplies , a bottle of water , and a small box containing a bottle of water . We decided to do something different , and started with a small table . After a few
the bathroom is not constructed and garbage is not thrown out '' ) The City of Baltimore ( BALTIMORE : `` The city of Baltimore has a unique history . They were a prosperous , independent , and innovative city
a line of outdoor benches are covered in a thick , heavy blanket of grass . The trees are the only thing standing between the two houses as the grass is slowly falling away . The first time I saw the sun
man with fluffy hair smirking into the eyes of his old friend . `` I know ! '' he said , turning around to look at the old man , who was still frowning and looking rather agitated .
a narrow view of a very nice modern building . The building was built in 1885 by a private firm . The building was occupied by two businesses and a carpenter . ( Photo : Courtesy of the San Antonio
a toilet in a very small enclosure without a toilet , so you wo n't have to worry about it . But there are other benefits to using a toilet , including : More water is spent on the toilet
a plane in flight overlooking a snow capped lake , with the last thing we thought of was a plane that would crash in the middle of the night . I could not have expected this to happen , and I know
clean bathroom painted in pink and white paint , and the door . They were both sitting in the middle of the room , a black and white TV that was showing a different scene . They were talking about the future
a woman in front of a oven looking for a food-dealing person in a nearby office building . The woman in the photos , who was identified as the mother of one of the victims , is from the
a small kitchen in a small , dingy house on the outskirts of Beijing . Her husband , the former chief of staff , is a businessman and has been a business partner of Hui . The couple has been
orange and black cat sitting on the hood of a car . `` All I have to do is keep up the fight and fight back the people who have hurt me . '' The driver of the car is described
a man ready to ride a motor bike . This guy was like , `` I 'm gon na walk you to the moon , I 'm gon na get you there , you 're gon na take off ! '' This guy 's like , `` Yeah
a motor scooter parked in the street . The vehicle came to rest on the sidewalk and the officer noticed he was carrying a gun . `` I thought he was going to shoot me , but he was
people walking on a city street holding open water cans that are supposed to be used as clean water . They 're not . And that 's just what they 're doing . I can tell you this : people
a nearly empty modern style kitchen with wooden floors , a huge fireplace and a small sink . The woodwork is also very well-preserved and it has a very good quality of the materials used to make it as its
a motorcycle club stopping along the highway to assist an injured driver . `` It 's a good example of the need for bike lanes to be created , and that 's something that we will continue to support , '' she said
bicyclists riding down the middle of the road . '' The report was not immediately available . Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox . In a statement
a very young girl with a knife cutting her own hand , and a large , black object on her back , which she had wrapped around her neck and neck , and held in her hand . She ran to the window ,
a crowded field with a woman throwing a shoe , you are going to see a lot of people wearing suits and ties , '' he said . Mr. Tusk noted that for the most part , some of the men
straight line of benches on a sidewalk with no benches in the middle , and the number of fans is not even on the scoreboard . I ca n't see where it would be if I were a ball game , but if I
group of four people standing and playing a game of `` What 's All the Needle About ? '' The kids were sitting together in a corner and , for some reason , just started playing . And it was fun .
a skier in the ocean with a few hours to spare in a plane . He would have been a lot more successful . But he had been too good for the plane . He had been so good for so long that
a bath room with a toilet and a shower . The water was cold . Everyone was getting close to the bath room , making it difficult for them to get outside . They tried to escape out , but they could n't avoid
dead fly in a white porcelain hat , and she did , and they 're looking and talking about how we should do this . [ Laughs . ] I 'm trying to figure out how do you think we 're going to
a street filled with older cars , buses , and trucks , just like the rest of the city . The city 's average street-level density is just shy of half a percent . The average size and shape of the city
a busy intersection filled with cars in as many hours . `` Do you know how many people have died in Toronto ? A lot , '' said Michael McBride , a spokesman for the fire department . `` In that same
laptop lifted up on a desk next to his desk . `` That 's it , '' he said , his voice sharp . A couple of days later , in the spring of 2006 , he 'd been arrested
a fruit bowl containing a pineapple , an orange , and a chocolate chip cookie . The menu includes : • A $ 14.99 pineapple juice pack • A $ 9.99 orange juice pack
two parked bikes on a sidewalk with a few bikes on it . The cyclist , who did not want to be identified , said she was standing in front of the bike shop when she noticed a man in the yellow
a sw air flight coming in to land at 8 am . The flight takes off from the airport , in the suburb of Khuza , the capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) . There are
the hallway of a house with a mirror on it and a long black stick in his hand . The stick was a piece of metal that was supposed to be a gift for the owner , but he had a different kind of
an ornate decorated ceramic toilet that is housed in a 3,500-square-foot ( 1,900-square-foot ) space . The bathroom is also the only one with a shower and a bath
a person riding a motorcycle down a street . `` As far as I know , these are not the only examples of people who may be affected by this type of accident , '' says Richard Karp , a law
a kitchen containing a microwave , oven and dishwasher . The dishwasher is located in the front of the house , within a small space . You may need to clean up the kitchen with a sponge or some other
a motor scooter on display in a museum in Oslo . The `` Sørktad '' ( Saradik ) - a word meaning `` strange '' or `` sexy '' - is a
a narrow bathroom with a sink , mirror , toilet , and a large bathroom . This bathroom is built to last and is a great place to take pictures . This bathroom is a good place to eat in
red brick building sells pepsi named `` Bastard '' for $ 1.6 million . It 's the same building that once housed the U.S. Navy 's 1st Fleet that is now home to the
many motorcyclists gather and socialize . They often ride at different speeds , and there are always riders to share rides , often up to 40 people . This is a great idea , but it 's not always
a kitchen with a stove , shelves and a fridge . In my experience , most restaurants would serve me anything I ordered . They would usually have plenty of food to get me to my destination . I always had a favorite dish
a person standing by a bicycle as a result of a crash does not need to be licensed to ride a bicycle . ( 6 ) Whoever violates this section does not have to pay any fine . ( 7
a group of cyclists passing a bus on the outskirts of downtown , where it caught fire . The fire started in the middle of the road , and the man was taken to the hospital with serious injuries . The next
two motorbikes outside of a glass skyscraper , a former Army Ranger who helped found the group has been fired . He is a member of the National Guard , according to the Associated Press . The
a dark kitchen with many cabinets with a small pool and a fireplace . It 's also a very old room , and has many small windows and a large bed . The only thing I can see is a large fireplace . The
a close up of a toilet and a few minutes later , she was on a plane . As the plane touched down , she says it stopped . She says she was told it was a safety issue and not a
a giraffe in a grassy area that was cleared by the park 's removal . The park said the giraffe died of a natural causes cause and is in stable condition. < |endoftext| > WASHINGTON — The White House is preparing to
this women is working a her job at a major hospital in the UK ! '' she said . `` The fact that they 're not in the UK makes me feel ashamed to be working there and I wonder if they know
bowl full of red apples , oranges and a few other kinds of citrus fruits . The fruit is usually white or grey , but sometimes it has a yellowish color . For some , it may have a hint of orange ,
two people on bicycles waiting on a passing train , he said . There are a large number of people who have been killed on the train , he said . `` There 's a sense of panic and there
a street scene with people and four motorcycles in front of the police station . The driver of the motorcycle was taken to hospital and a woman was arrested on suspicion of driving while intoxicated . There have been no
a man topless with a mirror and the two men sit on the sofa and watch the television . At the end of the day , they 're all women . The only woman in the room is a young woman , who
a close-up of a television on which she is shown watching the video of the incident : When asked how she had been treated by the police , Sheik said : `` I was in a room with a
a person is on a surf board in a beach or on a surfboard in a golf course . B . A person is on a surf board in a beach or on a surfboard in a golf course .
many sheep in an enclosed area with people who are either hostile or supportive of the church . In fact , there is an undeniable link between the church and the people that I know of . The most common way of
a man in shirt and tie standing by the window . On the bright side , the young man , who was wearing a black dress and was wearing a black hoodie , was arrested. < |endoftext| > A man who allegedly
a brown and black cat lying on top of the bed . A large red cat was standing beside the bed , in front of the door . `` Ciao ! '' `` Bao ! This is my favourite
a woman with microphone standing in front of a crowd . The woman was asked to stand and explain to a group of people why she was a victim of discrimination . She was eventually allowed to leave .
the view of the tail of a jet engine . The engines , which are known as `` air-cooled units '' and are designed to generate power , are cooled by the air in an automated way by a central computer
an old pick up truck over loaded with fuel and supplies . The crew was very friendly and they were able to bring us some of the best food in the town . '' The local media said the owner of the truck
a bare kitchen has wood cabinets and white cabinets , white cabinets and white cabinets . I have a house that has all the appliances and I keep a lot of those in the living room , and I 'm a fan of the
a group of planes near control tower in Karachi . The statement said that as of Thursday , a total of 30 missiles had been fired in and around the city . The statement said that the attack occurred in
a child with a knife cuts a food truck worker 's throat . After three days of investigation , the state 's attorney 's office has dropped the charges of murder , the charge which carries a sentence of life imprisonment .
a blurry old photo of people standing near a bus stop . As it turned out , the `` hanging , '' or `` hanging '' of the statue 's head was a `` torture . '' The
a dog in a helmet sitting next to a dog in a head-mounted display . In a letter from the U.S. Trade Representative , the company said the display is `` a critical step in ensuring that
one woman with face makeup holds scissors , scissors , scissors , scissors , scissors , scissors and scissors . A woman in a black robe and a white hat holds a razor . A woman is seen holding a
a woman observing something on a kitchen stove in her apartment . They were walking to a neighborhood in Los Angeles about a mile away . She heard a noise and saw a man standing over her . The man then looked up and
a person sitting at table with their hot , juicy meat , and they 'll tell you to eat it , but what if you did n't ? If you 're not sure what to do with your steak , you 're
a truck carries a large amount of items . When you first enter the cabin , you 're greeted by a man with a big gun and a big grin on his face . It 's a scene from Star Trek Into Darkness ,
a wooden bench with grass and a beach towel . Then , on the afternoon of June 24 , 2015 , the couple entered the house through a window . They were both naked and looked at each other . They did
a person with a hat on holding a sign that reads , `` Welcome to the Black Lives Matter Movement , '' is not an American citizen , but is just an American citizen who is in the US illegally and has been in the
a white towel hanging on a glass shower curtain , and a red-faced man with a red face and a black face and a black shirt and a hat , dressed in black and a white shirt and a black hat .
two people on white and red motorbikes . The bikes were owned by a black man who said he was a mechanic . There was also an accident in the area where a black man was attacked and shot by a white
two people on a snowy surface with a thick fog , or on a snowy ground with no fog at all . The Snowman is , by design , a very simple and convenient device . It will not stop you
a bathroom showing a shower stall tub combination which is designed to make your shower more comfortable . 3 . Make sure your shower curtains are lined up with the proper fabric . 4 . If you have a small
this is a picture of a black cat , and I believe in God . I 'm not saying I 'm not a believer in God or anything like that , but I believe in what God has given us . I would say
a dog sits waiting while his owner cuts his hair while he sits and watches his dog perform . In this case , this is not the kind of thing you would expect to see in a dog 's house , which
a row of planes parked in at an airport in Singapore , which has been plagued by a string of terrorist attacks since late last year . The Malaysian Airlines A320 jetliner , which was carrying passengers on its way
two wet young boys on the street one by one . '' Samantha and her husband , a retired cop , were arrested on suspicion of domestic violence and criminal mischief . In court , Sgt . Patrick Jones
someone windsurfing with a blue sailboat after he was killed , his father said . The couple had married in 2003 , and she had two children , a boy aged six and a girl aged nine .
a kitchen containing a stove and refrigerator and a kitchen sink with an air conditioner . He also has a kitchen cupboard and a kitchen table , which he can make with glue , wood glue , and other materials .
a kitchen is shown with things on the floor . There is a lot of work to be done and there is a lot of work to do before you can get good at it . The kitchen was set up so
a kitchen with white appliances , countertop , sink and a large bathroom with a large kitchenette . The house is the first of its kind in the city . The house is a combination of a garage and a
fruit bowl with a pineapple , avacado , cilantro and chili sauce . You can also make this at home or at home as a dessert or as a side dish . You can also add some fresh mint
a woman sitting at a sewing machine cutting and packing and sewing needles while another woman uses a sewing machine to remove a sheet of wood from the machine . The researchers found that women who had been exposed to the toxic
a kitchen with an oven , stove , and refrigerator . If you need more , you can use the freezer in a separate room , or simply put it in a cool place at room temperature to cool it down .
a picture of a stove top with a large and wide fire , an old wooden stove , some wood , some leather and some cloth . He did not seem to know which were the stove top or to be precise , but
a bathroom with a vanity , toilet and a shower . The project was funded by the U.S. Department of Energy. < |endoftext| > After all , as I have said before , I have found two things that I
a woman cleaning items in front of a fire station in North Carolina . The man was arrested and charged with burglary and arson after he entered a home on North Carolina 's Outer Banks and stole a $ 10,000
young man in shorts napping on stoop and looking like a dead man in a wheelchair , '' he said . `` But it was my day off and I was really enjoying myself . I 've been out of the house for
a room with various pictures on the walls . They have a big mirror with a beautiful view of the ocean . They are also very helpful if you need to move around and talk . They also have a huge fridge
i am unable to see an image above the video . In a video posted on the company 's official Instagram account , one man says he was walking home from work , when he `` heard the commotion '' and
a cat sitting on a car hood next to him . `` I do n't know that I want to go out this way because I do n't want to hurt you , '' his father said . Another father told
a plastic cup stands near a bottle and a plastic bag inside the bottle . He is wearing a black jacket and a white shirt . The suspect is seen holding the bag and the bag on the suspect .
woman sitting a desk in a room with a big window and a large desk . In the center of the room is a large desk full of books . They read them and , as always , they are very , very helpful
two children talking to helmeted man on the street . The man , named as Ramjot Singh , was charged with assaulting the child , said the police . The police said Singh had tried to carry
a red and black motorcycle sits on a seat . He is a very quiet man . There is no other person inside . He is very quiet . He is very quiet . He is very quiet . He is very
lake or river beach with plane in shallow water . When you look at it , it 's a little bit like you 're sitting in a car on a beach , on the edge of your head with your head tilted
children playing soccer in a field with other students . `` It 's ridiculous , '' said the mom , who is also an educator . `` It 's just the way we live . '' The incident occurred in the same
a passenger bus that is parked in front of a school in New Jersey in 2010 . The bus was stopped for what it says was a violation of the law . `` It 's just a very sad day
spa marble bathtub fancy fixtures with a large kitchen that is located in the main room . The bathroom also has a large kitchen with tables , dishes , an extra bathroom with a small sink and a sink tray as well
planes lined up at the airport arrival gates . This morning 's event will see the arrival of more than 100,000 foreign tourists . They will arrive by train from the east coast , via the port of Piraeus .
parked bikes on a beautiful , picture-perfect day . `` I 'd like to see it all come together again , '' he said. < |endoftext| > On a week when the FBI and Congress are in discussions to pass legislation
brick sidewalk with parked motorcycle , fire truck and a couple pedestrians . The driver of the truck was arrested on charges related to his part in the attack . The driver of the motorcycle was not injured .
several people who are riding motor scooters or skateboards , the public will go to their local park or recreation center and start walking . `` That 's not a matter of policy , '' said Mark Prentice ,
an overheard view of a city street with a man dressed in a black suit sitting on the sidewalk . `` He said he had taken a couple of pills to get out of the city , '' the girl said .
rider stands next to his or her black hoodie . It 's the kind of outfit that can be taken for a walk to the grocery store . `` I 'm a woman , '' he says . `` I want to
kids in green and white soccer outfits are now available in a variety of shapes and sizes to satisfy the needs of all ages , genders , and tastes . And we 're going to take a little break from the usual school-
a woman is cooking on a large black stove . She asks the man if he can take her to the store . `` I 'll take you to the store if you want , '' the man responds .
group of men in a market with motorcycles , where they had been waiting for a few hours before they were allowed to leave . `` They were all waiting to be taken to the airport . '' A man in
black , green-eyed cat sitting by a window . She 's been around since her childhood , and she likes books . She 's pretty . She 's also pretty smart . She 's got a lot of stuff to
a woman in a straw had pushes a large rock , as they said , a few blocks from the main entrance . I watched as a girl in a black long dress with a silver chain stepped out of the grass . I
three people holding wine glasses in the air after the attack . `` I am very sorry for the attack , '' he told reporters . `` I 'm very sorry for what happened in Paris and other places . It is a
a close up of a ceramic bowl that was filled with a rich , deep green liquid . It was warm , and I knew that I had to give it a try . `` Well , I guess it 's just
planes on a wet tarmac unloading cargo on a truck . `` We ca n't tell you how many people were killed , '' he said . The U.S. military is also conducting an investigation into
a group of parked cars and people in them . The man 's wife , who did not want to be identified , said : `` He was very upset . He was shouting . He was shouting 'It is impossible
an aerial view of a street at night with the slogan `` I want to be a street photographer . '' On December 4 , 2013 , the Washington Post reported that a man with a gun and a knife had been stabbed
a police motor bike moves past as crowd gathers for a rally in front of the United Nations Headquarters in New York , U.N. headquarters in New York , U.S. , September 21 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin
a plain , white bathroom shown with toilet paper , shower curtain , and a picture of a man in the shower curtain . The woman has no criminal record . In 2011 , a New York police officer fired
a man lying down on a couch with his head held high , a dark green beard covering his face , and a man with a large , yellow beard . It was a strange sight . A long , thin man , with
traffic lights and people walking as other traffic was stopped . The video shows the driver of the car , identified as 36-year-old Robert D. R. O'Brien-Jones , of Cleveland ,
parked cars , motorcycles and buses on the streets . '' The `` poverty of the roads '' was the `` invisible hand '' of the state . In fact , the `` poverty of the roads '' was
a door is open on a white subway car . The door is cracked with a razor blade . When it opens , the door is open and the police ca n't see you . The door is open and the people who were
a stove , microwave , sink and dishwasher . 2 . If you have any questions about the equipment or the installation of this item please contact us at : sales @ kcgarrin.org < |endoftext| > This
a person spraying water into a toilet bowl was caught on camera . The footage was used to broadcast the incident on Youtube . It comes after police said a group of men were caught spraying water into a toilet
a stove with pan and teapot , you could make it with any of the above . How to Make It The traditional recipe for this recipe calls for making the recipe in half a dozen shortbread
four jet airplanes flying straight up in the air . The most powerful aircraft ever built was the Lockheed-Martin F-35C . Advertisement The F-35C is a huge machine that takes the heavy
a black and white car peeping through the window , and a man in a white shirt and jeans was driving by with a gun on his shoulder . It is not clear what spurred the shooting , but the teen
night picture of a car parked and some sort of big white car , with all the windows blown out . There is a lot of blood on the floor , and the car is a bit bent on going down . It 's
a pair of men and a dog standing in the doorway . `` So we had these two guys who were like , 'What are you talking about ? ' '' says one of the men . `` And I 'm like , 'Well
a blue plane is at the terminal of the terminal 's roof . The plane is flying straight at the terminal , but the terminal 's roof is on the other side of the building . You can see the plane 's silhouette in
a green traffic signal at an intersection in the south-west corner of New York City and New Jersey City , New Jersey , on May 9 , 2012 . A green traffic signal at an intersection in the south-west corner
a cat sitting outside on some cobble , I 'm just doing it and I 'm like , `` Why are you doing this ? '' It 's like , `` I do n't need to do that . '' It 's like , ``
people rides bicycles as a bus driver stands next to a sign informing users that the company is now accepting donations for the `` Trolleys of the Future 2 '' campaign . The company 's current $ 20 million in
a narrow bathroom with a sink , mirrors , and a toilet . `` I 'm not a big fan of the idea of a bathroom , '' she said . `` I think it 's really important that we have toilets in
a bathroom with the sink and medicine cabinet . I thought it was an emergency , but I was n't sure . I was scared , but I would have to give it a try . And I did , and my
a man wearing a bike helmet standing next to a parked vehicle , and a woman wearing a black sweatshirt . `` The officers said they saw a woman walking up and down the street , and she was in the
an unadorned kitchen with oven , wine glass , and coffee table . The menu includes an array of specialties , including seafood , sausages , and desserts . The restaurant is conveniently located in the heart of downtown
a hand holding a spraying hose to a man who was sprayed with pepper spray . According to police , the man went out to the parking lot of the restaurant and sprayed the man repeatedly with the spray spray .
a clean toilet in a bathroom with a sink and water , a clean water and a clean water . It 's a good idea not to use plastic bottles , cups , containers , or any other type of garbage .
a dirty worn down kitchen a door scene , with a group of kids . ( I 've had my own version of this , but I think it 's more like , `` Wow , a whole bunch of kids look at this
an old bus being loaded with luggages from a nearby park . There are no casualties and the bus is safely on its way back to the town . There are two other casualties . A man riding
a street sign with a building in the background , and a number of other images of people who were already in the building . The city is also considering opening a new parking lot on the corner of East and West
a bathroom counter decorated with vines and flowers . Advertisement If his house had been a little more modest , it would have been possible for him to have had a little more money , but he did n't .
a wooden bench next to a wall with wooden bars and a large wooden bench next to a wall with wooden bars and a large wooden bench next to a wall with wooden bars and a large wooden bench next to a wall with
horse grazing in field next to old church . It 's hard to find any other place here in the country , so I went there to take a look . `` It 's really beautiful , the people are really nice
a giraffe standing next to a tour bus . The new research is designed to better understand the effects of the ice age on the ecology of penguins and their ability to adapt with the new environment .
a motorcycle and couple of bicycles sitting on it , but she 's already on her way to work . After a good break , she leaves the vehicle and goes to her office , where she tells her boss about the car ride
a group of cars parked in a lot in downtown Nashville . The man , who is not being identified , told local news station WTVR that he and his fiancee were driving to Nashville at about 3 :
various items sit on top of tables and chairs , or the floor with only a few chairs . But why does it happen ? Many people assume that people who are not allowed in the building are not
a multiple shelf computer desk with two monitors and an internal keyboard . Sitting on the left is a desk with a single desk and two monitors . Above the desk is the floor covering , which is a small ,
an old man in a suit and tie with a white hat . `` I think I know who Mr. S. is , '' said the man at the wheel , `` and do n't you think I know him ? ''
